AI Explained: A Video AI Glossary  Moveworks AI Explained: A Video Glossary Forget crypto and blockchain. ChatGPT is the new tech in town, and you need to know the lingo. Follow along as we boil down all the complex terms around AI, Large Language Models and Machine Learning into bite-sized videos. Soon enough, you'll have a comprehensive understanding of just how this technology is changing the game. Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning Explained Episode 31  AI Term: Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning (PEFT) is an approach that optimizes resource usage while fine-tuning large AI models, such as GPT, T5, and BERT. Through techniques like Adapters, Low-Rank Adaptation, Prefix Tuning, and Prompt Tuning, PEFT adjusts a small number of key parameters and enables the creation of lightweight "tiny checkpoints." The result is a more efficient and accessible fine-tuning process, allowing AI advancements to remain resource-efficient and available to all. Recent Episodes Generative AI & LLMs Explained Episode 01  AI Term: Generative AI & LLMs Have you ever wondered how generative AI is transforming app development and content creation? In this episode, we explore the power of large language models and how they're revolutionizing the way we generate new ideas, write stories, and even compose music. With generative AI, creating content has never been easier or more fluent. Tune in to discover how generative AI is changing the game. Grounding Explained: How to stop AI hallucinations Episode 02  AI Term: Grounding How can we prevent large language models from providing bad information? Well, today we’ll learn about a promising approach called grounding. Grounding has been shown to reduce the likelihood of errors, also known as hallucinations. So, if you want to stop hallucinations, watch to learn how to ground your large language model prompts. Supervised vs. Unsupervised Learning Explained: What's the difference? Episode 03  AI Term: Supervised and Unsupervised Learning Are you unsure about whether to use supervised or unsupervised learning for your AI project? In this video, you'll learn about the differences between these machine learning techniques and when to use each approach. While they may sound similar, the truth is that they can make a huge difference in how your AI models perform. Choosing the right approach for your AI project can be the key to unlocking its full potential. Prompt Engineering Explained: Writing effective prompts is crucial. Episode 04  AI Term: Prompt Engineering Are you tired of language models giving you unpredictable and irrelevant outputs? Then it's time to master the art of prompt engineering. We’ll provide you context and direction, so you can ensure that a language model generates the output you want. So why settle for generic responses when you can get precisely what you ask for? Multimodal Language Models Explained: The next generation of LLMs Episode 05  AI Term: Multimodal Language Models Multimodal language models are revolutionizing the way we interact with computers. This episode explores how these models are opening up a whole new world of possibilities beyond just language. From virtual assistants to automated customer service, these multimodals are set to transform the way we interact with technology, and usher in a new era of human-computer interaction. Reinforcement Learning Explained: Correcting models with feedback Episode 06  AI Term: Reinforcement Learning Reinforcement learning is transforming the field of AI. But what is it, and how does it work? Well, in this episode learn how this powerful combination of technology and human expertise has enabled ChatGPT to engage in natural and seamless conversations, and what it means for the future of AI. Speech-to-text and Text-to-speech Explained Episode 07  AI Term: Speech-to-text, Text-to-speech Discover the transformative power of Speech-to-Text and Text-to-Speech technologies, which are revolutionizing the way we communicate with machines. These innovations enable seamless interactions, turning spoken words into written text and vice versa, ultimately enhancing our communication experience with virtual assistants and chatbots. Annotation Explained Episode 08  AI Term: Annotation Behind every cutting-edge AI lies the crucial process of annotation. Expert annotators provide in-depth information to datasets, essentially creating a detailed guide that helps machine learning algorithms understand, learn, and deliver desired outputs in various scenarios. Watch this episode of AI Explained to learn how important annotation is for everything from ChatGPT to self-driving cars. Chatbots vs. Conversational AI Explained Episode 09  AI Term: Chatbots vs. Conversational AI Conversational AI is revolutionizing the way we interact with chatbots, allowing for a more natural human-like conversation. In this video we’ll discuss the differences between these two chat experiences and explore how conversational AI enables more efficient and intelligent communication across various applications. Hallucination Explained Episode 10  AI Term: Hallucination Hallucination sounds like a bad thing but really it’s a crucial aspect of generative AI, enabling imaginative creations. But there’s a trade off, in order to be imaginative you have to distort reality, and unfortunately  this can sometimes lead to incorrect or false information. Watch the full video to discover how engineers are working towards solving this issue and why it's essential to be cautious and not blindly trust AI-generated output. The Cost of Large Language Models Explained Episode 11  AI Term: LLM Costs Did you know that the cost of creating and maintaining a large language model can rival that of a Boeing 747? While developing such models can be expensive due to their size and complexity, smaller open-source smaller more affordable models also exist. Watch the full video to learn more about the costs of large language models! Generative AI Explained Episode 12  AI Term: Generative AI Did you know Generative AI can serve as your new creative partner and its core strengths promise to transform the way we interact with technology. Watch the full video to learn more about the process Generative AI follows to rapidly generate human-like content and how it’s changing the way the world works. Probabilistic vs. Deterministic Explained Episode 13  AI Term: Probabilistic and Deterministic To truly grasp the complexity of artificial intelligence it’s important to first understand the logic behind how it makes decisions. Some decisions are clear-cut, while others are more complicated with multiple possible outcomes, that’s where probabilistic and deterministic models come into play. Watch the full episode to learn how these decision models work and how they can be used to guide AI to solve problems. Fine-tuning vs. Instruction-tuning Explained Episode 14  AI Term: Fine-tuning and Instruction-tuning Tuning a machine learning model refers to the technique of tweaking the model in a way to produce a desired outcome. Often referred to as fine-tuning or instruction-tuning, these different techniques can be applied in different ways to produce wildly different outcomes. Watch the full video to learn more about how tuning can be used to optimize AI to perform specific tasks, or even better equip it to adapt to its environment. Controllability Explained Episode 15  AI Term: Controllability AI has the potential to transform many aspects of our lives, but it's not always perfect and can sometimes make mistakes with significant consequences. By employing techniques like interpretability, we can better understand and control AI decision-making, ensuring that it remains accurate, safe, and ethical in its applications. Watch the full episode to learn how engineers are deploying these methods get more control over AI Artificial General Intelligence Explained Episode 16  AI Topic: Artificial General Intelligence Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) has the power to unlock new discoveries and tackle some of the world's most daunting challenges. But it’s significantly more complex than narrow AI. Watch the full video to learn how engineers are integrating multiple AI techniques to build these AI systems that continuously improve and can potentially make the world a better place. Stacking Explained Episode 17  AI Term: Stacking Stacking is a technique in AI that combines multiple algorithms to enhance overall performance. By blending the strengths of various AI models, stacking compensates for each model's weaknesses and achieves a more accurate and robust output in diverse applications, such as image recognition and natural language processing. Watch the full video for the full story. Reasoning Explained Episode 18  AI Term: Reasoning AI reasoning is a cognitive process that enables systems to solve problems, think critically, and generate new knowledge, similar to the human brain. Watch this video to learn how this technology drives advancements across diverse fields, such as autonomous vehicles and supply chain management, and can even assist in everyday decision-making. Associative Memory Explained Episode 19  AI Term: Associative Memory AI systems utilize associative memory, similar to the human brain, to store, retrieve, and process connected information for decision-making. By accessing real-time data, AI-powered tools like GPS devices can improve upon our abilities, providing up-to-date and optimal route suggestions. Watch the video to get deeper. Foundation Models Explained Episode 20  AI Topic: Foundation Models Foundation models are a broad category of AI models, encompassing large language models and others, such as computer vision and reinforcement learning models. Serving as a base for various applications, foundation models can be fine-tuned and combined with other AI models to cater to specific tasks and domains. Watch on to learn more! Knowledge Generation Explained Episode 21  AI Topic: Knowledge Generation Knowledge generation involves AI systems analyzing extensive data sets to discover patterns and insights, ultimately transforming raw facts into accessible information. This AI-driven process, which continuously refines and updates knowledge base content, saves time, boosts satisfaction, and adapts to changing customer or employee needs. Collective Learning Explained Episode 22  AI Term: Collective Learning Watch this video to learn about collective learning: a technique that identifies linguistic patterns by analyzing commonalities in large datasets. By recognizing shared aspects and understanding subtle language nuances, this approach can streamline processes such as IT support and be applied to domains like healthcare, education, and transportation. OpenAI's Whisper Model Explained Episode 23  AI Topic: OpenAI's Whisper Model OpenAI's Whisper is an innovative Automatic Speech Recognition system that translates spoken language into written text. Its applications range from capturing meeting details and language learning to medical transcription and smart home automation, significantly enhancing communication and accessibility between humans and machines. LLM Benchmarking Explained Episode 24  AI Topic: LLM Benchmarking Selecting the right large language model for specific enterprise applications entails understanding its capabilities and limitations, and conducting benchmark tests that simulate real-world scenarios. Watch this video to learn how this process allows for assessing criteria such as relevance, domain expertise, and data sensitivity to identify the ideal AI solution for your unique needs. Zero-to-one Problem Explained Episode 25  AI Topic: Zero-to-one problem The "zero-to-one problem" highlights the challenge of finding the initial breakthrough or solution in AI, which is often the hardest step. Once this hurdle is overcome, subsequent progress becomes much easier, paving the way for synergistic partnerships between AI and humans, fostering greater efficiency and innovation. Voice Processing Explained Episode 26  AI Term: Voice Processing AI systems convert speech to text and back to speech to improve efficiency, save computational resources, and seamlessly integrate with text-based applications. This process, used by popular voice assistants like Siri and Alexa, allows for better understanding of spoken requests and accurate, controlled audible responses. Low-Code Explained Episode 27  AI Topic: Low-Code Low-code platforms enable individuals with little or no programming expertise to design websites and apps easily using visual interfaces, pre-built components, and conversational AI. These user-friendly tools simplify the development process, empowering people from diverse backgrounds to bring their ideas to life without extensive coding knowledge. Recursive Prompting Explained Episode 28  AI Topic: Recursive Prompting Recursive prompting is an effective method to enhance AI models like OpenAI's GPT-3, guiding them to deliver more accurate and contextually relevant output. This strategy involves using a series of iterative prompts that build on previous responses, refining the AI's understanding and addressing ambiguities to provide better results in a conversational manner. Responsible AI Explained Episode 29  AI Topic: Responsible AI Responsible AI focuses on developing and deploying fair, unbiased, transparent, and socially beneficial artificial intelligence solutions. To avoid perpetuating implicit biases and ethical pitfalls, AI systems must be trained on diverse and unbiased data while preserving privacy. By adopting responsible AI principles, AI can enhance human decision-making and contribute positively to individual lives and the global community. Generative Adversarial Networks Explained Episode 30  AI Topic: Generative Adversarial Networks Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are a powerful type of AI neural network that create new, realistic data mimicking training data through the competition between a Generator and a Discriminator. With numerous applications such as imitating handwriting, composing music, and transforming images, GANs can generate astonishingly realistic images and content that are nearly indistinguishable from reality. Upcoming Episodes Natural Language Ambiguity Explained Episode 32  AI Term: Natural Language Ambiguity To build AI systems capable of tackling natural language ambiguity, we can use strategies like context analysis, probabilistic modeling, knowledge graphs, and annotation. These methods help AI understand multiple meanings, recognize patterns and cues, decipher complex language structures, and learn the intricacies of human language, allowing AI to work together with humans to interpret ambiguous expressions. Data Augmentation Explained Episode 33  AI Topic: Data Augmentation Data Augmentation is a versatile technique that expands and diversifies training sets by modifying existing data, enhancing model performance, accuracy, and preventing overfitting. Applicable to images, audio, video, and text data, it transforms limited datasets into robust resources, ensuring AI models excel in various scenarios. Advanced techniques, like Generative Adversarial Networks, address data-intensive applications across industries, making Data Augmentation a vital solution for overcoming common AI challenges. Adapters Explained Episode 34  AI Term: Adapters Adapters are an advanced method for making pre-trained AI models adaptable to new tasks without complete retraining. These modules save time, money, and resources by efficiently repurposing existing models for different tasks in areas like natural language processing, computer vision, and robotics. Adapters showcase impressive potential for creating more versatile, agile, and adaptive AI models across various scenarios. Multi-hop Reasoning Explained Episode 35  AI Term:  Multi-hop Reasoning Multi-hop reasoning is a process enabling AI models to answer complex questions by connecting multiple pieces of information from various sources. Essential in natural language processing and machine reading comprehension tasks, it allows AI to comprehend relationships and context distributed across different parts of a text. As a result, multi-hop reasoning enhances the capabilities of conversational AI agents and other NLP-based applications, serving as a foundation for creating AI systems that can understand human language intricacies. Moveworks Live Now on-demand! Get instant access to all the exciting insights and exclusive demos from Moveworks Live. Watch Now
moveworks-group / EDIT HTML/BODY HERE / Welcome to the Moveworks Help Center! Learn more about the Moveworks enterprise copilot platform. Getting Started Everything you should know to hit the ground running. Learning About Products Moveworks product documentation Configuring and Measuring Impact Analytics and configuration documentation Developing on the Platform Maximize with Creator Studio Integrations Integrations documentation Security Security documentation Learning About Products Moveworks for IT Account Access Software Access Group Access Answers Forms Control Center Lookups Profile Boosting Approvals Triage Concierge Moveworks for HR Moveworks for HR Enterprise Answers Enterprise Answers Employee Communications Employee Communications Employee Experience Insights EXI Routes & Platforms Channel Resolver Ticket Interception Moveworks for Web Multilingual Support (MLS) Creator Studio Creator Studio Configuring & Measuring Impact Analytics Agent Time-Saving Employee Time-Saving Analytics Troubleshooting IT Resolution Calculation Domain and Entity Prediction Dashboards Executive Insights Bot Performance Insights Answers Insights Triage Insights SFTP SFTP Tableau and SFTP Setup Developing on the Platform Creator Studio Getting Started with Creator Studio Paths Queries API Reference Events Webhooks Analytics Integrations Integrations Native Integrations
Qualtrics Announces Top Workplace Trends to Watch For in 2022 - Qualtrics Skip to main content Login Support Back English/US Deutsch English/AU & NZ English/UK Français Español/Europa Español/América Latina 繁體中文 Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Português Brasileiro ไทย Products Customer Frontlines XM FOR Customer Frontlines Automatically surface any friction across all touchpoints and guide frontline teams in the moment to better serve customers. Overview PRODUCTS Digital Care Location Solutions Digital Experience Analytics Customer Journey Optimization Quality Management Contact Center Analytics CrossXM Website and Mobile App Feedback eBook 2023 Contact Center Trends Report Download Now People Teams XM FOR People Teams Build high-performing teams, improve manager effectiveness, and make informed and timely business decisions. Overview PRODUCTS Engage Lifecycle Analytics Solutions Continuous Employee Listening Engagement Pulse CrossXM 360 Development Candidate Experience Employee Journey Analytics eBook 2023 Employee Experience Trends Report Download Now Strategy & Research XM FOR Strategy & Research Design products people love, increase market share, and build enduring brands that accelerate growth. Overview PRODUCTS Research UX Brand Solutions Market Research Survey Software Audience & Panel Management Concept Testing Tools Conversational Brand Analytics Brand Health Tracking Research & Insights Management Free Trial Start your free 30-day trial of DesignXM today Sign Up Now XM Platform The Experience Management Platform ™ Design the experiences people want next. And continually iterate and improve them. Meet the operating system for experience management. Overview Platform Capabilities Smart Analysis & Recommendations Experience iD Text Analysis Software Security & Governance XM Ecosystem XM Mobile App Experience iD Experience iD is a connected, intelligent system for ALL your employee and customer experience profile data. Learn More XM Marketplace XM Marketplace Integrations with the world's leading business software, and pre-built, expert-designed programs designed to turbocharge your XM program. Overview Solution Type Integrations XM Solution Automated Projects XM Solution Guided Programs Survey Templates Popular Solutions Salesforce Integration Marketo Integration NPS Survey Customer Satisfaction Survey Employee Onboarding Survey Employee Engagement Survey Brand Perception Brand Awareness Survey Product Naming Course Evaluations Gabor Granger Pricing Sensitivity Van Westerndorp Pricing Sensitivity XM Services XM Services World-class advisory, implementation, and support services from industry experts and the XM Institute. Whether you want to increase customer loyalty or boost brand perception, we're here for your success with everything from program design, to implementation, and fully managed services. Overview Advisory XM Scientists and advisory consultants with demonstrative experience in your industry Learn More Implementation Technology consultants, engineers, and program architects with deep platform expertise Learn More Research Services Overview Competitive Benchmarking Segmentation Research Brand Tracking Research Solutions Role & Team Contact Center Solutions for the Contact Center Deliver breakthrough contact center experiences that reduce churn and drive unwavering loyalty from your customers. Overview Popular Solutions Quality Management Omnichannel Listening and Analytics Sales and Retention Intelligence Educational Resources eBook: Customer Journey Mapping Webinar: Quality Management for CX Webinar: A Smarter Way to Listen with XM Discover Virtual Course: Customer Journey Management Blog: Great Customer Service Examples Market Research Solutions for Market Research Tackle the hardest research challenges and deliver the results that matter with market research software for everyone from researchers to academics. Overview Popular Solutions Survey Tool Research & Insights Conjoint Analysis Advanced Analysis Educational Resources eBook: What is Experience Design? eBook: Handbook of Question Design eBook: The Panel Management Guide Webinar: The Future of Market Research CX Professional Solutions for CX Professional Monitor and improve every moment along the customer journey; Uncover areas of opportunity, automate actions, and drive critical organizational outcomes. Overview Popular Solutions Digital CX Surveys Location Based Net Promoter Score Educational Resources Qualtrics MasterSessions: Customer Experience eBook: 16 Ways to Capture and Capitalize on Customer Insights eBook: ROI of Customer Experience Report: The Total Economic Impact of Qualtrics CustomerXM Human Resources Solutions for Human Resources With a holistic view of employee experience, your team can pinpoint key drivers of engagement and receive targeted actions to drive meaningful improvement. Overview Popular Solutions Employee Engagement Training Surveys Employee Pulse Surveys 360 Development Onboarding Feedback Exit Diagnostic Educational Resources eBook: Essential Guide to Employee Experience eBook: How to Apply DEI to your Employee Experience Program Webinar: The Great Resignation Digital Solutions for Digital Understand the end-to-end experience across all your digital channels, identify experience gaps and see the actions to take that will have the biggest impact on customer satisfaction and loyalty. Overview Popular Solutions Digital Customer Experience Website & App Feedback Online Reputation Management Educational Resources eBook: Rising to the Top with Digital Customer Experience eBook: Humanizing Digital Experience Article: What is Digital Customer Experience Management & How to Improve It Product Management Solutions for Product Management Improve product market fit. Increase share of wallet. Decrease time to market. Overview Popular Solutions Pricing Research Concept Testing Market Segmentation Product Satisfaction Educational Resources Qualtrics MasterSessions: Products Innovators & Researchers eBook: Intro to Product Concept Testing eBook: How Product Experience Research Will Drive Growth Industry Education Solutions for Education Improve the entire student and staff experience. Overview Popular Solutions Education Surveys and Academic Research Student Satisfaction Survey Course Evaluation Software Educational Resources eBook: XM for Education eBook: 20 Ways to Transform Education Experiences Webinar: Promoting Equity and Well-Being in K-12 Education Healthcare Solutions for Healthcare Comprehensive solutions for every health experience that matters. Overview Popular Solutions Patient Experience (Site of Care) Patient Experience (CAHPS) Telehealth Digital Experience Provider Engagement Software Patient Customer Experience Educational Resources eBook: Experience Management in Healthcare eBook: Modern Patient Experience eBook: Rethinking Patient Experience Technology Solutions for Technology Innovate with speed, agility and confidence and engineer experiences that work for everyone. Overview Popular Solutions Website & App Feedback Digital CX Product Satisfaction Educational Resources eBook: Designing a World-Class Digital CX Program eBook: Essential Website Experience Playbook eBook: The Ultimate Guide to Customer Journey Mapping Retail & CPG Solutions for Retail & CPG Increase customer loyalty, revenue, share of wallet, brand recognition, employee engagement, productivity and retention. Overview Popular Solutions Retail Customer Experience Location Based CX Educational Resources eBook: Become a Leader in Retail Customer Experience eBook: CX in the Retail Industry Financial Services Solutions for Financial Services Deliver exceptional omnichannel experiences, so whenever a client walks into a branch, uses your app, or speaks to a representative, you know you’re building a relationship that will last. Overview Popular Solutions Property & Casualty Insurance Customer Experience Wealth Management Customer Experience Banking Customer Experience Educational Resources Case Study: Goldman Sachs eBook: Experience Leadership in Financial Services Government Solutions for Government Design experiences tailored to your citizens, constituents, internal customers and employees. Overview Popular Solutions Federal Government Customer Experience Fedramp Security Accreditation Educational Resources eBook: XM for Government Webinar: Create the Right Environment for Your Employees B2B Solutions for B2B Transform customer, employee, brand, and product experiences to help increase sales, renewals and grow market share. Overview Popular Solutions B2B Technology & Manufacturing CX Account Management Educational Resources eBook: Best Practices for B2B CX Management Article: The Complete Guide to B2B Customer Experience Travel & Hospitality Solutions for Travel & Hospitality Whether it's browsing, booking, flying, or staying, make every part of the travel experience unforgettable. Overview Popular Solutions Hotels & Hospitality Customer Experience Location Based CX Educational Resources Case Study: Solution for World Class Travel Customer Experience Webinar: How Spirit Airlines is Improving the Guest Travel Experience Blog: Guest Experience Trends, Tips, & Best Practices Automotive Solutions for Automotive Drive loyalty and revenue with world-class experiences at every step, with world-class brand, customer, employee, and product experiences. Overview Popular Solutions Brand Tracking Educational Resources Case Study: BMW CX in the Automotive Industry News: Qualtrics in the Automotive Industry Blog: Digital Transformation in the Automotive Industry Media & Telco Solutions for Media & Telco Reach new audiences by unlocking insights hidden deep in experience data and operational data to create and deliver content audiences can’t get enough of. Overview Popular Solutions Telecommunications Customer Experience Digital CX Brand Tracking Educational Resources eBook: Guide to Building a World-Class Brand Tracker Webinar: Meet the Action-First Approach to a Profitable CX Program Customers Learn Product Videos Customer Stories XM Basecamp Training & Certification XM Institute Implement XM Marketplace Templates Integrations Free Account Connect Community XM Advocates X4 Summit Support Customer Success Hub Product Documentation XM Services Product Roadmap See the latest product releases on XM in Action Watch Now Resources What is XM? Customer Experience Employee Experience Product Experience Brand Experience Market Research AI Resources Customer Stories eBooks Original Research Analyst Reports Blog Product Demos XM Institute Events X4 Summit XM Innovation Event XM+ Events & Webinars Partnerships Become a Partner Accenture + Qualtrics Deloitte Digital + Qualtrics EY + Qualtrics Korn Ferry + Qualtrics ServiceNow + Qualtrics Marketplace Join us in-person for the 2023 X4 Experience Management Summit Learn more Company Careers Job Openings Qualtrics Life Sales Engineering Customer Success Research Services About Contact Us 5 For The Fight Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Newsroom Partnerships Brand Book We're Hiring! View Careers Qualtrics Life Read more Request Demo Products Back Products Customer Frontlines Back Customer Frontlines OVERVIEW PRODUCTS Back PRODUCTS Digital Care Location Solutions Back Solutions Digital Experience Analytics Customer Journey Optimization Quality Management Contact Center Analytics CrossXM Website and Mobile App Feedback People Teams Back People Teams OVERVIEW PRODUCTS Back PRODUCTS Engage Lifecycle Analytics Solutions Back Solutions Continuous Employee Listening Engagement Pulse CrossXM 360 Development Candidate Experience Employee Journey Analytics Strategy & Research Back Strategy & Research OVERVIEW PRODUCTS Back PRODUCTS Research UX Brand Solutions Back Solutions Market Research Survey Software Audience & Panel Management Concept Testing Tools Conversational Brand Analytics Brand Health Tracking Research & Insights Management XM Platform Back XM Platform OVERVIEW Platform Capabilities Back Platform Capabilities Smart Analysis & Recommendations Experience iD Text Analysis Software Security & Governance XM Ecosystem XM Mobile App XM Marketplace Back XM Marketplace OVERVIEW Solution Type Back Solution Type Integrations XM Solution Automated Projects XM Solution Guided Programs Survey Templates Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Salesforce Integration Marketo Integration NPS Survey Customer Satisfaction Survey Employee Onboarding Survey Employee Engagement Survey Brand Perception Brand Awareness Survey Product Naming Course Evaluations Gabor Granger Pricing Sensitivity Van Westerndorp Pricing Sensitivity XM Services Back XM Services OVERVIEW Research Services Back Research Services Overview Competitive Benchmarking Segmentation Research Brand Tracking Research Solutions Back Solutions Role & Team Back Role & Team Contact Center Back Contact Center OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Quality Management Omnichannel Listening and Analytics Sales and Retention Intelligence Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: Customer Journey Mapping Webinar: Quality Management for CX Webinar: A Smarter Way to Listen with XM Discover Virtual Course: Customer Journey Management Blog: Great Customer Service Examples Market Research Back Market Research OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Survey Tool Research & Insights Conjoint Analysis Advanced Analysis Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: What is Experience Design? eBook: Handbook of Question Design eBook: The Panel Management Guide Webinar: The Future of Market Research CX Professional Back CX Professional OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Digital CX Surveys Location Based Net Promoter Score Educational Resources Back Educational Resources Qualtrics MasterSessions: Customer Experience eBook: 16 Ways to Capture and Capitalize on Customer Insights eBook: ROI of Customer Experience Report: The Total Economic Impact of Qualtrics CustomerXM Human Resources Back Human Resources OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Employee Engagement Training Surveys Employee Pulse Surveys 360 Development Onboarding Feedback Exit Diagnostic Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: Essential Guide to Employee Experience eBook: How to Apply DEI to your Employee Experience Program Webinar: The Great Resignation Digital Back Digital OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Digital Customer Experience Website & App Feedback Online Reputation Management Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: Rising to the Top with Digital Customer Experience eBook: Humanizing Digital Experience Article: What is Digital Customer Experience Management & How to Improve It Product Management Back Product Management OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Pricing Research Concept Testing Market Segmentation Product Satisfaction Educational Resources Back Educational Resources Qualtrics MasterSessions: Products Innovators & Researchers eBook: Intro to Product Concept Testing eBook: How Product Experience Research Will Drive Growth Industry Back Industry Education Back Education OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Education Surveys and Academic Research Student Satisfaction Survey Course Evaluation Software Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: XM for Education eBook: 20 Ways to Transform Education Experiences Webinar: Promoting Equity and Well-Being in K-12 Education Healthcare Back Healthcare OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Patient Experience (Site of Care) Patient Experience (CAHPS) Telehealth Digital Experience Provider Engagement Software Patient Customer Experience Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: Experience Management in Healthcare eBook: Modern Patient Experience eBook: Rethinking Patient Experience Technology Back Technology OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Website & App Feedback Digital CX Product Satisfaction Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: Designing a World-Class Digital CX Program eBook: Essential Website Experience Playbook eBook: The Ultimate Guide to Customer Journey Mapping Retail & CPG Back Retail & CPG OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Retail Customer Experience Location Based CX Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: Become a Leader in Retail Customer Experience eBook: CX in the Retail Industry Financial Services Back Financial Services OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Property & Casualty Insurance Customer Experience Wealth Management Customer Experience Banking Customer Experience Educational Resources Back Educational Resources Case Study: Goldman Sachs eBook: Experience Leadership in Financial Services Government Back Government OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Federal Government Customer Experience Fedramp Security Accreditation Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: XM for Government Webinar: Create the Right Environment for Your Employees B2B Back B2B OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions B2B Technology & Manufacturing CX Account Management Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: Best Practices for B2B CX Management Article: The Complete Guide to B2B Customer Experience Travel & Hospitality Back Travel & Hospitality OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Hotels & Hospitality Customer Experience Location Based CX Educational Resources Back Educational Resources Case Study: Solution for World Class Travel Customer Experience Webinar: How Spirit Airlines is Improving the Guest Travel Experience Blog: Guest Experience Trends, Tips, & Best Practices Automotive Back Automotive OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Brand Tracking Educational Resources Back Educational Resources Case Study: BMW CX in the Automotive Industry News: Qualtrics in the Automotive Industry Blog: Digital Transformation in the Automotive Industry Media & Telco Back Media & Telco OVERVIEW Popular Solutions Back Popular Solutions Telecommunications Customer Experience Digital CX Brand Tracking Educational Resources Back Educational Resources eBook: Guide to Building a World-Class Brand Tracker Webinar: Meet the Action-First Approach to a Profitable CX Program Customers Back Customers Learn Back Learn Overview Product Videos Customer Stories XM Basecamp Training & Certification XM Institute Implement Back Implement Overview XM Marketplace Templates Integrations Free Account Connect Back Connect Overview Community XM Advocates X4 Summit Support Back Support Overview Customer Success Hub Product Documentation XM Services Product Roadmap Resources Back Resources What is XM? Back What is XM? Overview Customer Experience Employee Experience Product Experience Brand Experience Market Research AI Resources Back Resources Overview Customer Stories eBooks Original Research Analyst Reports Blog Product Demos XM Institute Events Back Events Overview X4 Summit XM Innovation Event XM+ Events & Webinars Partnerships Back Partnerships Overview Become a Partner Accenture + Qualtrics Deloitte Digital + Qualtrics EY + Qualtrics Korn Ferry + Qualtrics ServiceNow + Qualtrics Marketplace Company Back Company Careers Back Careers Overview Job Openings Qualtrics Life Sales Engineering Customer Success Research Services About Back About Overview Contact Us 5 For The Fight Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Newsroom Partnerships Brand Book Login Support Back English/US Deutsch English/AU & NZ English/UK Français Español/Europa Español/América Latina 繁體中文 Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands Português Brasileiro ไทย Request Demo < Back to Newsroom Qualtrics Announces Top Workplace Trends to Watch For in 2022 Last updated: November 9, 2021 Employees are more likely to quit their jobs in 2022, and prioritize human connection and purpose more than ever before in the world of hybrid work PROVO, Utah and SEATTLE (Nov. 9, 2021) — Qualtrics (Nasdaq: XM), the leader and creator of the Experience Management (XM) category, today released the third annual Employee Experience Trends Report for 2022 . The study examined nearly 14,000 full-time employees across 27 countries to understand how employee experience has evolved nearly two years into the pandemic and what employers should prioritize in 2022 to create better experiences for their people. Key Takeaways: Expect an ongoing employee exodus, especially among individual contributors and female leaders. Hybrid work is here to stay, and employees have high expectations for in-office and remote work experiences. There’s a perception gap between leaders and employees on how efforts are going toward building greater diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging (DEIB) within companies. Benefits like mental health apps or a week off won’t address long-term employee well-being. Creating opportunities for employees to build trust and transparent communication with one another will be key. The Great Resignation will persist New Qualtrics research shows The Great Resignation will continue in 2022. Overall, fewer employees are likely to stay in their jobs in 2022, with 65 percent of workers saying they intend to stay in 2022 compared to 70 percent of workers in 2021. Among all employee groups, individual contributors are the least likely to stay at their companies, with only 62 percent planning to stay in their jobs over the next few years. Middle managers saw the most significant decrease in intent to stay at their jobs in 2022 with 69 percent intending to stay at their company over the next few years, trending down from 83 percent in 2021. Interestingly, this trend was more pronounced for female middle managers, who are three times more likely to leave within a year than in 2021. “Leaders are expected to do more than ever before,” says Benjamin Granger, Ph.D., Qualtrics head of employee experience advisory services. “Beyond their day-to-day responsibilities, managers also need to support their employees’ mental health, be culture champions and make progress on diversity, equity and inclusion efforts. This work is all critical toward creating amazing places to work, yet it’s simultaneously resulting in burnout. Now is the time for organizations to invest in nurturing their leaders and equipping them to care for themselves, so that they can care for others.” Employees expect better in-office and remote work experiences Hybrid work is here to stay. More than one in three (35 percent) workers say they’re more likely to search for a new job if they are required to return to the office full-time. However, employees are underwhelmed by their current technology and office experiences. In fact, only one in three (30 percent) employees said their experience with their company’s technology exceeds their expectations and only one in four (23 percent) feel their experience working at their office exceeds their expectations. “There’s clearly a disconnect between the experiences employees expect and what employers are offering in hybrid work environments,” said Granger. “The value of offices has evolved from simply being places for people to work from to creating opportunities for collaboration and socialization. Understanding what people need to be effective and efficient in their roles is essential for curating workspaces that will encourage employees to bring their best selves to work.” Employees want to see real action toward DEIB Many organizations made public commitments to improve corporate diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging, and employees expect real progress. Our research shows that 70 percent of employees say their organizations have made sufficient progress towards greater DEIB and 67 percent believe senior leaders’ actions show commitment to improving DEIB. Interestingly, the biggest response differences to these questions were not by ethnicity or gender, but by level. Four in five (80 percent ) senior leaders say their actions show they are genuinely committed to greater DEIB, while only three in five (58 percent) individual contributors say the same. Prioritize long-term employee well-being With the rise of hybrid and remote work, the lines between work and life continue to blur. Nearly one in three (29 percent) employees won’t always take a sick day, even if they aren’t feeling well enough to work, and among those employees, two in three (61 percent) cite workload as the reason why. And while employees aren’t working, one in five (20 percent) workers often worry about work problems during their personal time. To better understand employees’ well-being, Qualtrics asked employees about their self-confidence at work, the relationships they have with their colleagues and how energized they feel in the workplace The trends among these three measures indicate the mixed impact the pandemic has had on working life. Employees have felt more energized, increasing by five percentage points year over year, which is supported by the fact that half (50 percent) of employees feel their physical and mental well-being has actually improved while working remotely. However, the level of trusting relationships employees have with their colleagues has dropped by three percentage points year over year, indicating that fostering strong human connections should continue to be a priority for organizations. In fact, open and honest communication was the top driver of well-being in our study. Read the full Employee Experience Trends Report for 2022 to learn more, including how employers can create better experiences for their employees moving forward. About Qualtrics Qualtrics , the leader and creator of the Experience Management (XM) category, is changing the way organizations manage and improve the four core experiences of business—customer, employee, product and brand. Over 13,500 organizations around the world use Qualtrics to listen, understand and take action on experience data (X-data™)—the beliefs, emotions and intentions that tell you why things are happening, and what to do about it. The Qualtrics XM Platform™ is a system of action that helps businesses attract customers who stay longer and buy more, engage employees who build a positive culture, develop breakthrough products people love and build a brand people are passionate about. To learn more, please visit qualtrics.com . Request Demo First Name  Please enter your first name. Last Name  Please enter your last name. Company  Please enter your company name. Job Title  Please enter your job title. Business Email  Please enter a valid business email address. Oops! That looks like a personal email address. Enter your business email. Oops! That looks like a personal email address. Enter your business email. This is my business email Phone Number  Please enter a valid phone number. -- select an option -- Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong, China Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao, China Macedonia, North Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia, excluding Crimea Rwanda Réunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, China Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine, excluding Crimea United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Åland Islands ; Country  Please select your country. Please type your inquiry here... By providing this information, you agree that we may process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Statement By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing information from Qualtrics as set out in our Terms of Service & Privacy Statement . You may unsubscribe at any time. Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding Qualtrics products, services, and events Please indicate that you are willing to receive marketing communications. By submitting I agree to Qualtrics' Terms of Service & Privacy Statement Submit Request Demo Step / 2 Ready to learn more about Qualtrics? Request Demo
Virtual agents: how to measure success  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection The 7 metrics to measure the success of your virtual agent Varun Singh, VP of Product September 9, 2021 linkedin facebook twitter email Every company wants to grow. But with thousands of issues to solve and employees working all over the world, supporting a growing workforce has never been a greater challenge. That’s why support teams are increasingly turning to virtual agents to get their people the help they need — anytime and anywhere. Yet these virtual agents present a new challenge: knowing what good looks like. There’s simply no industry standard for tracking their progress or benchmarking their performance. And with many solutions on the market that all quantify performance in different ways, it’s hard to determine which metrics actually matter. After working with more than 100 of the world's largest companies, we found that their leaders measure the impact of their virtual agent using these seven core metrics : Resolution rate: the percentage of all service desk issues the virtual agent solves autonomously Time to value (TTV) : the amount of time it takes to get results from the virtual agent Time to resolution (TTR): the amount of time it takes the virtual agent to solve employee issues Resource utilization: the percentage of issues solved by existing knowledge base articles and forms Bot preference : the percentage of employees who go to the virtual agent first when they need support Issue prevention: the percentage of issues proactively prevented by the virtual agent Satisfaction score (CSAT) : the percentage of employees satisfied with the virtual agent’s support Resolution rate The primary goal for most virtual agents is to solve as many support issues as possible, automatically, with no intervention from a support team. Tracking the resolution rate offers a high-level view of how much work your virtual agent is responsible for accomplishing on your behalf. The most important thing about calculating the resolution rate is deciding what should be in the numerator and the denominator . So how should you decide? One method is to divide the number of issues that your virtual agent solves end-to-end by the number of issues that employees directly submit to it. But while this method provides a sense of the virtual agent's quality, it fails to capture the impact it's making with respect to all support issues — including those submitted through other channels like email. To get a broader picture of your virtual agent's success, you could use every employee-submitted support issue as the denominator for resolution rate. This method raises other important considerations, such as employee adoption, ticket interception, and proactive capabilities. Neither calculation is wrong. The former is a narrower metric that focuses on the efficacy of your virtual agent, while the latter measures its total impact on your support team’s workload. Before deciding how to calculate the resolution rate, you need to know what you’re trying to achieve with your support organization. Read more > With an in-depth understanding of the resolution rate, companies can incrementally improve the impact of their virtual agent. This means identifying the right limiting factors to address, be it adoption, deeper integrations, or resource creation. Real-time insight into the questions employees ask and the problems they have makes it easier to know which levers to pull. Note that there is an additional metric — deflection rate — that's often confused with resolution rate. Deflection rate is defined as the rate that automated and self-help resources satisfy service demand that would otherwise be handled by assisted service staff. It’s a suitable metric if your goal is to reduce employee calls to the support hotline and instead rely on digital channels. However, it should not be confused with the resolution rate, which focuses instead on the percentage of employee support issues resolved end-to-end , without input from the support team. Seagen saves time and money by maximizing its resolution rate Seagen — a leading biotechnology firm specializing in cancer treatments — uses Moveworks to solve support issues in seconds. One of the primary advantages of its virtual agent, known internally as Dr. Botson, is its ability to solve employee issues end-to-end. Rapidly achieving over 30% resolution, Dr. Botson’s already broad abilities and knowledge were tweaked and expanded to deal with an increasing number of use cases. It's easy to get lost in the numbers, but in a larger sense, it’s clear this bot has an enormous impact on Seagen’s business, buying back over 60,000 hours of time scientists could spend curing cancer and saving the company over one million dollars per year. The numbers will continue to grow as Seagen maximizes its resolution rate. Figure 1: Seagen’s virtual agent instantly resolves employees’ problems, tackling an increasing number of issues over time. Time to value (TTV) Your virtual agent should make a rapid impact. Traditional software solutions focus on go-live dates. But with virtual agents, you can’t just think about how long the implementation time will be. You have to think about how much value the bot will deliver on day one. You have to think about how long it will take for your company to get value from your investment. Value is measured by the benefit you — the customer — expect to receive, and time to value (TTV) is how long it takes to get to that benefit. To get a handle on TTV, you need to deeply understand your business objectives and your virtual agent’s role in getting you to the next benchmark. A meaningful result could be increasing your resolution rate, decreasing the amount of time it takes to incorporate a new use case, or keeping the support team on budget. The important thing is to pick a metric and measure how long it takes to get to a predefined milestone. Implementing an AI solution is complicated. It can take months, years, or never get off the ground at all. That’s why it’s best to consult with vendors about their implementation process and, when possible, consider how long it will take for your system to deliver meaningful results for your employees, your support teams, and your company as a whole. Read more > There are two main approaches to building and maintaining a virtual agent. There are toolkit solutions that require a dedicated team to build machine learning models, dialog flows, and interception methods — not to mention the additional burden of ongoing maintenance and refining scripts as new use cases and resources are created. And second, there are ready-made solutions that work right out of the box, using AI to learn your environment as it changes. But remember — implementation time shouldn’t be your only consideration. At Moveworks, we prefer to measure time to value because it’s so hard to get right. That said, the shorter the TTV, the sooner you’ll be able to spend time on more pressing projects. Some of the key values or benefits provided by a virtual agent include the following, but this list is by no means inclusive and will depend on your objectives: Increase in employee engagement Increase resolution rate Decrease operational expenses Improve the employee experience Increase the time the support team spends on transformation projects loanDepot’s virtual agent delivered value on day one In February 2022, loanDepot officially launched its Moveworks virtual agent — Elle-Dee — on Microsoft Teams. While evaluating solutions, Moveworks provided the loanDepot IT team with a comprehensive AI Readiness Assessment, which included insights into both its knowledge base and its employees’ most common IT issues. The team realized that Elle-Dee could do more than resolve tickets autonomously; it could also identify the gaps in existing knowledge articles and spot the inefficiencies with our workflows, opening a window into where to focus next. Incremental improvements in knowledge creation and identity management increased loanDepot’s support efficiency, resulting in a rapid increase in IT efficiency. Elle-Dee was up and running in just weeks. Since then, the company has witnessed a gradual but profound transformation, resolving more than 2,000 issues and counting with AI every month. AI allows its team to approach dynamic support challenges in an agile way. Figure 2: loanDepot’s virtual agent started solving issues from day one. Today, Moveworks-powered Elle-Dee uses AI to keep up with new use cases across support departments, ensuring happy employees. Time to resolution (TTR) Your virtual agent should accelerate support, so employees never have to wait for help. Time to resolution (TTR) is a support metric that measures the average elapsed time from when an issue is reported until it’s resolved. Many companies measure mean time to resolution (MTTR) instead, but this metric only tells half the story. MTTR measures how long it takes the support team to solve a problem in business hours . For example, an employee might be locked out of their account from 3:00 p.m. Friday until 9:00 a.m. the following Monday. MTTR would say the issue was resolved in two hours. But that’s almost three days for the employee. And that’s a lot of time to be locked out of an account, especially if you’re trying to close a deal or launch a new project. TTR has a significant impact on employees’ overall satisfaction with support. This makes sense, as users may be forced to stop working entirely or use workarounds until their issues have been resolved. Especially with employees working remotely, some issues — like not properly connecting to the VPN or being locked out of an account — can completely derail productivity. Read more > When it comes to evaluating your virtual agent, there are two ways to look at TTR. First, some issues — like unlocking an account or troubleshooting a VPN problem — can be solved end-to-end instantly. You should expect your TTR to drop from hours, or even days, to a couple of seconds for these issues. But some issues cannot be immediately resolved. Think about accessing a certain software that requires approval from a manager or contacting the HR team about a highly personal situation. For these problems, a virtual agent should decrease TTR by accelerating issues through the approval process, rerouting requests to the correct assignment group, and allowing employees visibility into the status of their issue. Equinix accelerates support with its virtual agent Equinix used a virtual agent to decrease its TTR by almost a third. Based in the Philippines, Equinix’s help desk reads every ticket to decide which subject-matter experts were best suited for the job. Given that its international workforce is concentrated in the US and UK, Equinix wanted to avoid having IT issues pile up in a distant time zone. The Moveworks Triage Skill allows Equinix's virtual agent to assign high-touch issues to the correct subject-matter experts — with the same 96% accuracy rate achieved by help desk agents. Simply by getting the issues into the right hands, Equinix has transformed the support experience for its employees and support team. Figure 3: With Moveworks, Equinix massively decreased the time it takes to get help at work. Resource utilization Your virtual agent should help employees find the resources they need to help themselves. The effectiveness of your virtual agent depends on the coverage and accessibility of your resources. That’s why one of the most important metrics to think about is how employees are using — or not using — the knowledge base articles and forms you create. At a high level, resource utilization measures the percentage of issues your virtual agent solves with existing resources in your service catalog. If resources are easy to find and engage with, your virtual agent will be more likely to perform well. That said, the best virtual agents play an important role by offering visibility into how employees use the knowledge bases and forms at their disposal. Some solutions will show which resources are missing and automatically incorporate new ones as they are created. The greater the number of high-quality resources, the greater the number of employees’ questions answered in seconds. Read more > We work directly with our customers to improve their resource utilization and drastically increase their resolution rate, satisfaction score, and other metrics by asking three questions: Are your resources easy to find with the virtual agent? Are your resources easy to engage with on the virtual agent? Does your virtual agent reveal information gaps? The best virtual agents expose inefficiencies, offering a comprehensive performance analysis of individual skills and shedding light on the most requested information. With these insights, support teams can see room for growth and adjust accordingly to boost their virtual agent’s resolution rate simply by improving the depth of their support catalog. Broadcom uses AI to build a better knowledge base Broadcom — a world-leading tech infrastructure company — dramatically increased the usage of its forms and knowledge base articles with its virtual agent. By making incremental improvements to its service catalog, Broadcom’s IT team systematically improved its knowledge base — filling in gaps, updating old articles, and retiring old information — so employees can self-service their own support. Today, their Moveworks bot, E-bot, automatically resolves 57% of all IT issues by making it quick and easy to find the exact snippet of information an employee needs to solve their problem. Figure 4: Broadcom increased its virtual agent’s resolution rate by improving its knowledge base. The chart above demonstrates a strong correlation between Broadcom’s resolution rate — represented above by a blue line — and the increasing number of knowledge articles — represented by the purple bars. Bot preference Your virtual agent should be the first point of contact for all employees in search of help. It doesn’t matter how many issues your virtual agent resolves autonomously or how quickly it helps employees if no one uses it. Employees might prefer asking questions at the walk-up help desk, sending an email, or filing a ticket through a portal. If you want everyone to go straight to the virtual agent when they need help, you’ll need a strategy informed by employees’ bot preference. Bot preference measures what percentage of employees use the virtual agent as their primary way to get support. This metric asks: Out of the total users within a company, how many go to the bot first when they have a problem? With greater insight into which channels employees prefer, you’ll be able to push people towards channels that best serve their needs and the needs of the IT team. Read more > Since a virtual agent is designed to be more cost-effective and less time-consuming for employees and support teams — you want it to be a one-stop shop for support. But we all know changing habits is hard. Three factors determine whether or not employees go to their virtual agent first: Awareness : do employees know about their virtual agent? Accessibility : is the virtual agent easy to find and use? Performance : does the virtual agent offer fast and accurate help? By focusing on each of these factors, your team can maximize all the metrics mentioned in this blog. For example, many virtual agents require the user to do some initial setup — an initial login — before using the bot. But with a virtual agent living in an enterprise chat platform, employees have somewhere to go for help 24/7. And if the bot instantly solves their problem, using it will become second nature. With fewer and fewer employees constantly messaging the support team with basic issues, the support team will be able to work on more complex and fulfilling projects. Building one place for help at Vituity For Vituity — an organization dedicated to transforming healthcare — a significant barrier to supporting medical professionals is that they don’t know where to go for help. The answer to their questions might live on the company website, FAQ, or IT portal. And each time they need help, they have to go somewhere else to find it. Meanwhile, support teams are flooded by requests that steal bandwidth from longer-term digital transformation projects. Vituity realized that — to create a lasting employee habit — the bot would have to intercept issues no matter what channel employees used. Known internally as Otto, their Moveworks bot is now the single place to go for help. Whether users need to reset their passwords, access software, or ask HR about a policy, they can always ask Otto, reinforcing the habit of using it as the go-to place for support. Otto is constantly improving through machine learning — understanding company lingo, automatically syncing with backend systems and adapting to user feedback. Figure 5: Employees want a single place to resolve every issue right away. Issue prevention Your virtual agent should engage proactively with employees to prevent issues. Most virtual agents today are reactive, offering a place where employees can ask for help when they need it. But increasingly, leading virtual agents are helping support teams to be more proactive, alerting employees to system outages and policy changes. Issue prevention tracks the percentage of issues your virtual agent can prevent by sending proactive messages and targeted communications. A major goal of any virtual agent is to free up support agents to work on projects that require their expertise. Decreasing the average number of support issues an employee has over time can make a real difference in how support teams operate. Read more > Many support issues are common. And support teams don’t want to spend half their day answering the same questions about when the healthcare enrollment period ends or unlocking a dozen or so accounts when employees forget to update their password every six months. Traditionally, most proactive communication takes the form of mass emails. But the more messages you send, the more you’re ignored. With a virtual agent — it’s just the opposite. Since every message is meaningful, every one reinforces the idea that the bot is the place to go for consistently high-quality information. In fact, by sending targeted campaigns, companies that use the Moveworks bot have seen engagement rates as high as 72%. A virtual agent can help manage change and get ahead of issues before they get out of control. A virtual agent can save HR, IT, Facilities, and Finance Teams days of extra work by sending quick, targeted reminders or intercepting issues in public support channels. Verisk stops problems before they happen with proactive communication Beyond just resolving IT issues with their Moveworks bot — Vic — Verisk is now predicting and preventing problems ahead of time. When an employee’s password is set to expire, Vic reminds him beforehand directly on Microsoft Teams to avoid getting locked out later with Moveworks for Employee Communications . Nowhere has proactive support made a bigger impact than in resolving account issues. Before Moveworks, the help desk would spend countless hours resetting passwords and addressing lockouts. But today, Vic addresses thousands of account issues proactively and autonomously without involving the help desk. Figure 6:To build one place for help at work, Vituity’s virtual agent — Otto — intercepts support issues no matter where they were submitted and solves them in seconds. Satisfaction score (CSAT) Ultimately, the best measurement of your virtual agent is whether employees are satisfied. The satisfaction score (CSAT), typically measured on a 1-5 scale from “poor” to “excellent,” is the most essential service desk performance metric to gauge how your customers perceive your approach to support. You may think that you’re getting everything right, your systems are efficient, your agents are productive, and your knowledge base is comprehensive, but employees may disagree. In fact, most people don't like chatbots . So it’s not enough to just think about resolution rate, TTV, resource utilization, or TTR if no one wants to use your virtual agent. You need to think critically about what makes a virtual agent a good experience. What is a good experience? Well, it will depend on employees, their preferences, and their pain points. That said, we’ve seen some overarching themes. Employees want a bot that: Solves as many problems as possible Isn’t overconfident Sends issues to the right expert, and Doesn’t waste anyone’s time A virtual agent that ticks each of these boxes is the key to happy employees and happy support teams. Read more > In this blog, we've given you a lot of hard numbers to define your virtual agent’s performance, but what matters is do employees like using it . If they don't, your virtual agent will never get off the ground. And that’s why CSAT is so important. It drills down into the likelihood of your employees using and recommending the bot to others. The occasional survey asking questions about what’s going well and what’s not can reveal hidden opportunities and unlock the door to an even better solution. Unity’s employees love their virtual agent At Unity , 91% of employees are satisfied with NinjaUnicorn — their Moveworks bot. This means that of all employees surveyed, the bot received a majority of 4 or 5 stars out of 5. Getting to 91% satisfaction did involve effort. Support teams worked hand-in-hand with the Moveworks Customer Success Team to ensure that they could constantly improve their customer experience. By regularly surveying its employees, Unity knows how important fast resolutions times are and what knowledge bases could use some upkeep. Figure 7: The key to a successful virtual agent — like Unity’s NinjaUnicorn — is an experience that keeps employees coming back. This figure features a selection of anonymized reviews of their virtual agent. Metrics drive performance Monitoring your virtual agent’s performance is the key to creating a seamless employee experience. This list of seven metrics is not exhaustive by any means, but it’s a great place to start. Depending on your employee experience goals, you can add other metrics to this list or just focus on optimizing one or two for now. Maxing out these stats will transform your organization, from saving time and money to redefining the entire support experience. R equest a demo to see the Moveworks platform in action. technology More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
The strengths and weaknesses of large language models  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection ChatGPT is shaking up the status quo: The strengths and weaknesses of large language models Jiang Chen, Co-Founder and VP of Machine Learning January 10, 2023 linkedin facebook twitter email ChatGPT is a groundbreaking technology that’s captured the world’s imagination with its ability to show off the magic of AI. Capable of generating human-like responses on the fly and demonstrating powerful reasoning, this technology’s crossed a threshold. Almost overnight, toolkit chatbots seem as obsolete as dial-up internet and floppy disks. That said — ChatGPT and, by extension, large language models (LLMs) are not without their limitations. To truly leverage the full potential of the technology, we need to understand what they do well — and perhaps more importantly, what their limitations are. My belief, and the one that we’re betting on at Moveworks, is that ChatGPT has kicked off an innovation race that is going to accelerate technological developments faster than most people are anticipating. The model underpinning ChatGPT, GPT-3.5, along with its successor, GPT-4, and other generative AI models are about to power a wave of innovation in conversational AI. My team and I at Moveworks have been experimenting with generative AI for a while now and we're excited about the impact these models can have on our customers over the coming months. Today, I’m just going to give you a high-level view. You’ll leave understanding why ChatGPT is a game-changer in the world of conversational AI. And you’ll leave understanding why mitigating the potential downsides of large language models isn’t exactly a trivial exercise. ChatGPT has changed the game Given my decades-long experience working on search and conversational AI engines, I have seen one breakthrough after another. Still, seeing and experiencing the power of large language models via ChatGPT is nothing short of awe-inspiring. Ten years ago, it took a team of highly talented researchers and engineers working hundreds, if not thousands, of hours building and training layers of machine learning algorithms — ASR, Translation, Spell Correction, Entity Recognition, Entity Resolution, Intent Classification, Slot Filling, Search, Question Answering, Dialog Policy, and more — to make sense of natural conversation. Each layer is the result of hours of masterfully designed experiments. It was incredibly complex work. Let me try to put this in perspective. For generations, to create a high-quality watch you needed a combination of expert craftsmanship, specialized machinery, high-quality materials, and attention to detail. The design and engineering of the watch must be carefully planned, the various components of the watch must be precision-manufactured, and finally, the watch must be carefully assembled and tested to ensure that it is keeping accurate time. Just as the gears in a watch must be precisely manufactured, each with its own unique shape and size, machine learning algorithms must be carefully designed and implemented to perform specific tasks. But large language models, like the GPT-3 model powering ChatGPT, are shifting that paradigm. Instead of having a team of people working to create layers of algorithms that link together, one singular model is doing what many, many different systems had to do before. In essence, having a conversation with ChatGPT is like 3D printing a Swiss watch. Suddenly — everyone has the knowledge and reasoning power of LLMs at their fingertips. We have been on this path for a few years following the release of OpenAI’s GPT-2, GPT-3, and Codex, as well as other LLMs. But there hasn’t been one that can generate responses as polished as ChatGPT until now. It took LLMs into the mainstream, putting their next-level sophistication in a package that’s accessible to everyone. Some clear examples for why I believe it's remarkable include how it: Incorporates prompts to complete different tasks Understands the underlying intent to a high accuracy, completely out of the box Debugs code Demonstrates complex reasoning Uses a single model for multiple sophisticated tasks Holds long contextual multi-turn dialogues with its long context window length Generates coherent language that is personable and natural But, large language models are not without their limits. LLMs have brought about impressive advances in AI and have the potential to revolutionize a wide range of industries. However, understanding their nuances is crucial in using them in real-world applications. Let me explain: 1. LLMs hallucinate. ChatGPT can deliver some mind-blowingly accurate responses to questions. It can understand long, complex requests and then generate succinctly summarized responses that perfectly address the question. That is the real magic of ChatGPT. And it performs this feat a large majority of the time . The challenge is that the remaining percent of the time the responses are not just "a little off", they can be factually inaccurate and in some cases completely made up. This is an interesting dilemma, not just for ChatGPT but for LLMs in general. In fact, there’s a term for when LLMs sometimes generate factually incorrect statements: hallucination . You could give ChatGPT one hundred percent of the context needed to give you the right answer, and it will still surface the wrong answer. In the example below, I’ve told the bot that 1-800-APLCARE is a real support line, and it responds “1-800-APLCARE is not a real Apple support line" and then contradicts itself in the following sentence stating, yes, "the correct number to call for Apple support is 1-800-275-2273 (1-800-APL-CARE)." Quoting from different sources can’t solve the problem either since the model often takes sentences out of context and reassembles them into a paragraph to create an incorrect answer. In the instance below, the pricing of g4dn.xlarge is grafted to g4dn.4xlarge. The subtlety of these inaccuracies can appear innocent but have much broader implications when dealing with more sensitive subjects. To the untrained eye, incorrect statements could very well seem true. In its research, OpenAI acknowledges this challenge, stating that hallucination poses a very real threat when LLMs are used for real-world applications — like responding to employee questions in a business setting or providing automated patient support in a healthcare setting. Adding to the challenge, no one can predict when it will hallucinate. This nuance is why it’s important to carefully consider which types of use cases ChatGPT, and LLMs in general, are currently suited to and which might require more thought. LLMs are genuinely amazing tools. But their truthfulness needs improvement to be used widely in the enterprise. And if these models generate answers that are not faithful to the input data in business-critical situations, the results could be catastrophic — legally, financially, and otherwise. Wasted time and resources, misguided troubleshooting, data loss, and even equipment damage could occur. That’s why it is so important to layer models, processes, and guardrails that are capable of refining the inputs and controlling for the outputs on top of LMMs. Only then can you guarantee the truthfulness of their results. That is why most current out-of-the-box applications of LLMs, like copy generation and co-pilot, require human oversight. They can’t be trusted to provide fully automated support yet. 2. LLMs lack controllability. LLMs know a lot, and they can do a lot. One of the most amazing things about ChatGPT is that you don't need to be a machine learning expert to get the LLM that it is built on top of to do magical things. Anyone can type in a prompt and get an immediate response. This ability is a result of the fact that LLMs are general models designed to perform a wide range of tasks and adapt to new environments — not a narrow set of tasks. As such, they are the result of fusing layers and layers of algorithms, and that’s where it gets complex. While this approach of fusing layers of models together dramatically shortens the time required to build and train complex systems, it offers limited ability to control the model's responses. Controllability refers to the ability of a system to be directed or brought to a specific state using a specific input. Just like a car on a straight road, a LLM has a specific state, which in this case is the internal representation of the text it generates. The inputs to the model are the text prompts given to it and the corresponding outputs are the text it generates. Just as the car driver can apply the accelerator and the brake to change the car's position and velocity, the user can provide different prompts to the language model to generate different outputs. However, just as a car driver cannot control every aspect of the car's movement, such as traffic or the road conditions, users of a LLM also have limited control over the output. The model is trained on a large dataset and is able to generate a wide variety of responses, but the specific outcome is not always predictable. Adding to that challenge, programming an LLM is currently limited to writing prompts. But, as visualized by the diagram above, written prompts are limited. At this time, prompt length can’t exceed 2048 tokens. While that number could extend, it doesn’t address the core challenge of only being able to communicate with LLMs via text-based prompts of limited size. On the contrary, the communication bandwidth between the traditional layered intelligent system and the enterprise environment is much higher than LLMs can provide and offer more opportunities for us to control, fine-tune and override the behaviors. That’s why I predict there will be a more programmable and higher bandwidth interface opening up for LLMs. For example, LLMs might allow people to input embeddings instead of prompts. For an intelligent system to thrive in a business setting, it needs to live and breathe the enterprise environment that it is designed to serve. To return to my car analogy, businesses need to be in the driver’s seat so that they can weather their own unique traffic. Controllability is necessary and LLMs must form part of a larger AI architecture that adds control and fine-tuning, offers further training and evaluation processes, and combines alternative machine learning approaches. That’s when things will get interesting. 3. LLMs have associative memory that gets stale. To be able to deliver such an amazing experience, LLMs are trained on vast amounts of data. GPT-3, for example, is trained on a whopping 45 terabytes of text data from different datasets. However, training data are typically drawn from a specific time period and may not accurately reflect the current state of the world or the latest developments. To go deeper — LLMs learn both reasoning capabilities and associative memory of the knowledge they are trained on. Reasoning and memory are inseparable and are both required to perform a given task. The associated memory is stuck in the time period in which it was trained, and there’s no easy overriding mechanism to update it except for spending millions of dollars to retrain them. For example, if an LLM was trained on data from 2020, like GPT3.5, the model ChatGPT is built on top of, and was asked about a current event that occurred in 2022, it wouldn’t be able to generate an accurate or relevant response. For example, the James Webb Space Telescope was launched in 2021, revealing the universe in a way never before seen by the world. If you were to ask ChatGPT about this telescope’s discoveries today, the bot would give an irrelevant answer, stating: “...it hasn’t had time to make any scientific discoveries yet.” Which we could say is categorically old news . Even though people are attempting to put a search engine underneath it to bring in fresh data, it isn’t easy to instruct the LLM to override parts of the model’s knowledge while retaining the other in order to generate an up-to-date answer. There is no guarantee that an LLM won’t give out stale information even though the search engine it is paired with has up-to-date information. This poses a novel and unique challenge, especially with respect to a business setting, where most of the information is private and changes in real-time. Is ChatGPT worth the buzz? Absolutely. ChatGPT is a black swan event resulting from years of explosive progress in the field of AI. It has opened the eyes of machine learning veterans like myself to what is possible. However, it’s essential to recognize that ChatGPT and large language models require a lot of sophistication and understanding of their nuances in order to successfully apply them in business-critical, domain-specific, or real-time applications. Make no mistake, the potential for ChatGPT to drive innovation and drive businesses forward makes it an essential technology for any AI company worth its salt. If you're not exploring and investing in it now, you’re going to be left behind. At Moveworks, we’ve built our company on the idea that communication between people and machines should be seamless, and ChatGPT is a jaw-dropping step forward. This development will only fuel our ambition to build simply magical conversation experiences for our customers. Our accumulated domain- and task-specific data, our unique insight into our customers’ needs, and our ever-maturing MLOps system are exactly what is needed to leverage this new technology. We’re planning to embrace the GPT family, and other generative AI models to bring the magical ChatGPT-style experiences to the enterprise — with the required level of finesse and predictability that businesses demand. Contact Moveworks to learn what conversational AI can do for you and your business. news technology More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
ISO/IEC 27017:2015 - Information technology — Security techniques — Code of practice for information security controls based on ISO/IEC 27002 for cloud services Skip to main content Applications OBP English français русский ISO/IEC 27017:2015 p ISO/IEC 27017:2015 43757 ICS 35 35.030 ISO/IEC 27017:2015 Information technology — Security techniques — Code of practice for information security controls based on ISO/IEC 27002 for cloud services This standard was last reviewed and confirmed in 2021.
                Therefore this version remains current. Abstract Preview ISO/IEC 27017:2015 gives guidelines for information security controls applicable to the provision and use of cloud services by providing: - additional implementation guidance for relevant controls specified in ISO/IEC 27002; - additional controls with implementation guidance that specifically relate to cloud services. This Recommendation  International Standard provides controls and implementation guidance for both cloud service providers and cloud service customers. General information Status : Published Publication date : 2015-12 Edition : 1 Number of pages : 30 Technical Committee : ISO/IEC JTC 1/SC 27 Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection ICS : 35.030 IT Security Buy this standard en Format Language std 1 145 PDF English Arabic std 2 145 Paper English French Arabic CHF 145 Buy Buy this standard Life cycle Now Published ISO/IEC 27017:2015 A standard is reviewed every 5 years Stage: 90.92 (To be revised) 00 Preliminary 10 Proposal 10.99 2011-08-30 New project approved 20 Preparatory 20.00 2012-01-23 New project registered in TC/SC work programme 20.20 2012-01-23 Working draft (WD) study initiated 20.60 2012-04-08 Close of comment period 20.20 2012-07-10 Working draft (WD) study initiated 20.60 2012-09-20 Close of comment period 20.20 2012-12-21 Working draft (WD) study initiated 20.60 2013-02-25 Close of comment period 20.20 2013-06-14 Working draft (WD) study initiated 20.60 2013-09-15 Close of comment period 20.99 2013-12-11 WD approved for registration as CD 30 Committee 30.00 2013-12-11 Committee draft (CD) registered 30.20 2013-12-11 CD study initiated 30.60 2014-03-14 Close of comment period 30.92 2014-06-06 CD referred back to Working Group 30.20 2014-06-06 CD study initiated 30.60 2014-09-14 Close of comment period 30.99 2014-11-18 CD approved for registration as DIS 40 Enquiry 40.00 2014-11-18 DIS registered 40.20 2015-01-20 DIS ballot initiated: 12 weeks 40.60 2015-04-22 Close of voting 40.99 2015-06-11 Full report circulated: DIS approved for registration as FDIS 50 Approval 50.00 2015-07-15 Final text received or FDIS registered for formal approval 50.20 2015-07-31 Proof sent to secretariat or FDIS ballot initiated: 8 weeks 50.60 2015-10-03 Close of voting. Proof returned by secretariat 60 Publication 60.00 2015-11-25 International Standard under publication 60.60 2015-11-30 International Standard published 90 Review 90.20 2020-10-15 International Standard under systematic review 90.60 2021-03-05 Close of review 90.92 2021-04-19 International Standard to be revised 90.93 2021-04-19 International Standard confirmed 90.92 2022-10-26 International Standard to be revised 90.93 International Standard confirmed 90.99 Withdrawal of International Standard proposed by TC or SC 95 Withdrawal 95.99 Withdrawal of International Standard Will be replaced by Under development ISO/IEC WD 27017 This may also interest you News 10 January 2019 How to tackle today’s IT security risks Industry experts estimate that annual losses from cybercrime could rise to USD 2 trillion by next year. With countless new targets added every day, especially mobile devices and connected “things”, a joined-up … 15 August 2016 Taking information security management to another level with a new standard for specific market sectors With cyber threats on the rise putting businesses and industries at risk, it is more important than ever that organizations protect their information and that of their customers. It is no surprise, then, … 17 December 2015 Security toolbox protects organizations from cyber-attacks Cyber-attacks are among the greatest risks an organization can face. Having standards and systems in place to keep information safe has therefore never been more important than in today's digital world. … 6 January 2015 Trust and confidence in cloud privacy The use of cloud computing is soaring, and by 2016 this growth will increase to become the bulk of new IT spend, according to Gartner, Inc. But as more and more information on individuals and companies … Got a question? Check out our FAQs Customer care +41 22 749 08 88 customerservice@iso.org Opening hours: Monday to Friday - 09:00-12:00, 14:00-17:00 (UTC+1) Store Standards catalogue ICS 35 35.030 ISO/IEC 27017:2015 Sitemap Standards Benefits Popular standards Conformity assessment SDGs About us What we do Structure Members Strategy News Events Media kit Taking part Who develops standards Deliverables Get involved Climate action kit Resources Store Standards catalogue Publications and products
Control Center: Real-time Platform Control  Moveworks Control Center: Seeing is believing. Gain complete visibility into and control of the inner workings of your bot. Get the datasheet Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere Home Product Control Center Access employee usage and permissions Understand every facet of your users’ experience, ensuring that your bot provides your workforce with accurate, personalized support in seconds. Identify limitations in your knowledge base Fill in resource gaps, retire stale articles, or adjust information access as your support environment evolves. Derive actionable insights about resource performance Maximize your impact with insightful suggestions on how to make your forms chat-friendly. Get the most out of every form, transforming tech debt into employee satisfaction. Features Control center is a feature-filled admin console that gives you insight into every aspect of Moveworks. Users Module Knowledge Module Forms Module Users Module Track metrics on which users are imported, have access to the bot, summary statistics, when the last refresh of the system was, and when the next refresh will be. Knowledge Module Understand the total number of knowledge articles imported, which documents are enabled, and search & filter for any article within the Moveworks system. Forms Module Reveal when forms were last imported to Moveworks and search & filter for any form within the Moveworks system. Success hinges on our ability to constantly improve our service delivery. My team meets regularly to analyze the data, to see what’s working and what’s not. The more Herbie can do, the more time our support agents have to work on less mundane and more vital tasks. Lisa Boldi Director of User Enablement Guide We analyzed support issues from over 100 companies to help you benchmark your help desk’s performance. Get the guide Case study See how Broadcom’s has automatically resolved 75k total IT issues and counting, all of which were previously handled by an outsourced helpdesk See the case study Blog From “resolution rate” to “issue prevention,” these are the most important metrics to measure the ROI of your virtual agent. Read the blog Excited to try Control Center? Request a demo
Sitemap  Moveworks Moveworks Sitemap Product Product Overview How It Works Latest Platform Updates Integrations Microsoft Teams Moveworks LLM Stack Triage Security API Overview Multilingual Support Performance Dashboards Employee Experience Insights Approvals Answers Employee Communications Software Access Concierge Groups Access Control Center Creator Studio Paths Workspace Queries Workspace Events Workspace Solutions Solutions Overview IT IT Service Desk IT Service Management Self Service Employee Onboarding Cost Reduction Identity Access Management Knowledge Management HR Service Desk HR Finance Facilities Employee Communications Technology Partners Amazon Web Services Webinars Build or buy? How to choose the right chatbot strategy How ChatGPT is Ushering in a New Era of Conversational AI with Microsoft Demystifying LLMs and GPT for Enterprise Leaders with Forrester How Power Design delivers service desk excellence with Moveworks Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Webinar Reports The Total Economic Impact™ of Moveworks The Forrester Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations, Q4 2022 Customers Customer Stories Resources Blog Resources System Status Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Processing Customer Agreement Worktopia Return to Office with Automation Moveworks Live AI Terms Glossary AI Explained: A Video Glossary Guides 5 steps to create your own conversational AI strategy The one thing you need to speed up your help desk 5 Help Desk Metrics and Benchmarks IT Leaders Should Know in 2023 Support a hybrid work model with these 4 best practices The complete guide to knowledge-centered service Why are organizations choosing service desk automation? Chatbot vs. conversational AI: the key difference you need to know Task automation: a guide to measuring impact The enterprise architect's guide to conversational AI IT leader's guide to conversational AI The buyer's guide to conversational AI
Webinar: How to Build a Better Knowledge Base  Moveworks On-demand Webinar How to Build a Better Knowledge Base Every IT leader wants to build a world-class service desk. Yet few know how to create the comprehensive knowledge base that’s needed to answer employees’ tech questions automatically. In this webinar, Stanley Toh, Head of End-User Services at Broadcom, dives deep into how Broadcom transformed its knowledge base — allowing employees to answer their troubleshooting and policy questions instantly with AI. You’ll learn: How to bring your knowledge to life using the latest enterprise search techniques Why enterprise messaging tools like Slack and Microsoft Teams are the ideal channel for IT support How to identify gaps in your knowledge base based on employee demand Watch the on-demand webinar now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy .
Moveworks API - Connect systems to deliver support at scale Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Help — just before you need it. The Moveworks API allows enterprises to connect their systems with customized automation. Create unique workflows that help every employee get the support they need, instantly. Get started Extend the reach of your Moveworks platform Integrating the Moveworks API into your systems unlocks limitless possibilities. You’ll be able to connect your systems in unprecedented ways, letting you deliver automated support, at scale. Whether that means notifying employees of a system outage, proactively reaching out to new hires on their first day, or assisting a user as soon as their device crashes is up to you. The support your team needs — no questions asked. Keep your team productive by automatically sending personalized, targeted messages before they have to ask for help Support your company’s unique needs with workflows tailored to its systems and processes Provide your team with a consistent support experience by integrating the Moveworks platform into any system Moveworks’ new API is a game-changer. Disruptive issues like the ‘blue screen of death’ have become a non-issue for us practically overnight. That’s hours and hours of productivity and frustration prevented before they happen. Stanley Toh Head of End-User Services & Experience, Broadcom Deliver critical updates from any application Onboard Employees Instantly Set your employees up for success on day one by providing them with all of the applications, accounts, and forms they need before they have to ask. Reclaim Unused Software at Scale Only pay for the software licenses your team is using by automatically detecting inactive users. Resolve Device Issues Before They Happen Get ahead of impending problems with automated, actionable messages to employees. Deliver Critical Updates Automatically Detect issues as they happen and immediately support your employees through outages, security breaches, and other major disruptions. FAQs How do I get started? Contact your Customer Success Team and they’ll give you all the information you need to get started. What if I need technical support? For any technical support questions, email support@moveworks.ai or contact your Customer Success Team. Is the API included for all Moveworks customers? Yes! All Moveworks customers can build with the Moveworks API. Is this open source? No, this is not open source, but if you have any feedback, we’d love to hear it. Please share your thoughts with your Customer Success Team. Start building today Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Moveworks Status Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . All Systems Operational Enterprise Messaging Integrations ? Health of the messaging platforms where Moveworks bots are deployed Operational Microsoft Teams ? Based on latest updates from Microsoft (https://portal.office.com/servicestatus) Operational Moveworks for Web ? Moveworks bots integrated within web portals (e.g. ServiceNow, Sharepoint) Operational Cisco Webex Teams ? Based on latest updates from Webex status page (https://status.webex.com/) Operational Google Chat ? Based on latest updates from Google apps status (https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard) Operational Slack Messaging ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Apps/Integrations/APIs ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Notifications ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Connections ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Access Skills Operational Account Access ? Managing password resets/updates, account lockouts, and MFA resets through the bot Operational Group Access ? Managing distribution list creations and additions through the bot Operational Software Access ? Provisioning access to software applications through the bot Operational Smart Forms ? Finding forms from your service catalog and submitting them through the bot Operational Enterprise Approvals ? Notifying approvers and allow them to take action on approvals from your enterprise systems Operational Answers ? Answers from knowledge base articles, FAQs, and public sources powered by Semantic Search Operational Concierge ? Creating tickets, adding comments, and getting status updates through the bot Operational Triage ? Routing support requests to the right experts using machine-learning predictions Operational Lookups ? People &amp; Places lookups Operational Message API ? Connects to enterprise tools &amp; data and sends messages to users natively through the bot Operational Business Queries ? Allows users to look up information from your business systems Operational Employee Experience Insights Operational Multilingual Support (MLS) Operational Creator Studio Operational Paths Workspace Operational Queries Workspace Operational Events Workspace Operational Control Center Operational Employee Communications ? Sending targeted communications to employees at scale Operational Performance Insights ? Dashboards to help you visualize every aspect of your AI deployment Operational Channel Resolver Operational Operational Degraded Performance Partial Outage Major Outage Maintenance Past Incidents Sep 30 , 2023 No incidents reported today. Sep 29 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 28 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 27 , 2023 Ticket processing degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Sep 27 , 17:18 UTC Monitoring - We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Sep 27 , 16:53 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Sep 27 , 16:25 UTC Sep 26 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 25 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 24 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 23 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 22 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 21 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 20 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 19 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 18 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 17 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 16 , 2023 Employee Communications degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Sep 16 , 01:41 UTC Monitoring - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Sep 15 , 21:44 UTC Update - A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Sep 15 , 20:12 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Sep 15 , 17:59 UTC ← Incident History Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Support a hybrid work model with these 4 best practices  Moveworks 5 steps to create your own conversational AI strategy What is a conversational AI strategy? A conversational AI strategy describes how companies implement and improve an automated process for supporting employees, using a conversational AI platform that resolves their requests. Conversational AI has become a necessity in the workplace. AI platforms can resolve thousands of IT support issues, HR service requests, and policy questions at the speed employees expect while freeing up support teams to focus on high-impact projects. Despite the importance of these platforms, there aren’t many resources about how to create an overall strategy for supporting employees with conversational AI, from increasing user adoption to addressing knowledge gaps. The leaders who succeed with AI develop a strategy that guides their technology decisions — not vice versa. 1. Prioritize employee experience when evaluating conversational AI There are many factors worth considering to find the right AI platform for your business, including integrations, implementation time, analytics, and more. However, we recommend ranking employee experience as your top priority. If employees have a frustrating interaction with your conversational AI platform, they’ll never use it again — no matter its capabilities. So what causes these frustrating interactions? Typically, they’re the product of the “do-it-yourself” approach to AI, where support teams build their own hard-coded dialog flows to address common requests and questions. The problem is that conversation can’t be hard-coded: companies evolve, resources become out-of-date, and users change topics without warning. As a result, it’s critical to work backward from an AI platform that engages with employees in unscripted conversations, rather than trying to solve a few specific use cases. Here’s how Slack improved employee experience with conversational AI 2. Optimize your knowledge base for bite-sized solutions Once you’ve deployed a conversational AI system that understands employees, you need to create self-service resources to resolve their issues. And because nearly 30% of these issues are knowledge-seeking questions, according to our internal data, the best place to start is optimizing your knowledge base for conversational AI. When done correctly, every policy document, FAQ sheet, and troubleshooting guide is an opportunity to solve thousands of support issues — by surfacing the right snippet of text with AI. That means ensuring that each knowledge article covers only a single topic, is clearly organized into discrete sections, and is written with non-technical language. When employees go searching for answers, the last thing they want to do is spend 20 minutes reading an article for the one sentence they need. A well-organized knowledge base allows your conversational AI platform to find that sentence automatically. Read how Broadcom automated 55% of IT issues by optimizing its knowledge base 3. Create automated workflows for common support issues Beyond answering questions, an advanced conversational AI strategy allows companies to automate workflows and accelerate approvals. First, take the time to define how your team resolves common issues, such as provisioning software licenses and approving hardware orders. Which applications are involved? How do you enforce user permissions? And who needs to sign off? By clearly documenting the entire process, you can often reduce or eliminate the need for agent intervention, even for high-touch issues. And for requests that do require an expert to solve, conversational AI can accelerate the process by routing the request to the appropriate team. 4. Create a data-driven process for improving coverage An effective conversational AI strategy is evolving — not static. Its foundation is data, which reveals the most frequent requests and questions from employees, the most valuable knowledge articles and forms, and the most impactful use cases for additional automation. That’s why it’s crucial to have total visibility over your conversational AI platform, so you can not only understand but also anticipate what employees need. With this data in hand, you can build a positive feedback loop — where each issue submitted to the platform helps your team improve its future performance. Here’s how Verisk makes data-driven decisions Drive employee adoption with proactive communication Of course, all of this is for naught if your employees don’t use the conversational AI tool you’ve worked so hard to integrate. To drive employee engagement, make this tool the easiest possible thing to use. Have a clear employee adoption strategy, with every avenue of support integrated with your conversational AI system. A great conversational AI strategy will keep the end-user in mind. It will help you to communicate with your employees with ease, without your messages getting ignored. Most importantly, implementing a conversational AI strategy should free your agents from busywork, and enable them to focus on deeper, more meaningful work. Implementing a conversational AI strategy is the future of employee experience. Every employee, regardless of location, language, or role, deserves the same level of support — and we hope this strategy overview helps you get there. Slack improved employee experience Broadcom automated 55% of IT issues Verisk makes data-driven decisions
Inspire action with Moveworks for Employee Communications Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection More than a message: Inspire action with Moveworks for Employee Communications Sushanth Bhaskarabhatla, Product Manager Anand Sainath, Tech Lead Ameet Mehta, Design Lead March 31, 2021 linkedin facebook twitter email As a business leader, you have to adapt to survive change. But making those changes — whether you're switching CRMs, returning to the office, or rolling out new software — requires massive coordination. That's why communication is at the heart of every company. To manage change, you need your employees to be up-to-date, no matter where they're physically working. Informed employees stay productive and avoid problems proactively — reducing the workload for your support teams. Figure 1: Typical mass communication approaches, like emails, are often left unread by employees — making it difficult to keep priorities aligned company-wide. Now the bad news: traditional employee communications are no longer effective. Employees are experts at tuning out irrelevant information, so if even a single email isn’t important, they learn to ignore that sender completely. And seeing how our customers' employees were already accustomed to using Moveworks as a one-stop shop for help, we decided to build a solution that tackles the challenge of keeping your organization in sync and moving forward with purpose. We’re thrilled to officially announce that Moveworks for Employee Communications is available for everyone: Figure 2: With Moveworks for Employee Communications, company leaders can send actionable messages to precisely the right people. This blog will walk through how industry leaders like Autodesk, Robert Half , and Vituity use Moveworks to make change happen overnight. We’ll cover how our Employee Comms solution: Sends targeted messages to only the right employees Ensures those employees take immediate action Answers follow-up questions in real time Stop getting ignored. Employees are flooded with hundreds of emails a day . So when it comes to catching a certain team or person’s attention, today’s companies face an enormous challenge. On the one hand, they need to keep everyone on the same page when policies change or tools are updated. And on the other hand, they have to ensure that this downpour of information trickles into only the right inboxes. This was the challenge that inspired us to build a way to easily send messages to just the right employees. Thanks to our identity system , when you plan a campaign with our Communications Console, you can factor in everything from seniority and department to role and security permissions when selecting the audience for your message. And by automatically taking employee location and time zone into account, we help you deliver messages at the right time to boost engagement even further. Figure 3: With Moveworks, targeting the right audience is as easy as filtering employees by demographic, from job title to location. Typically, the more messages you send, the more you’re ignored. But with Moveworks — it’s just the opposite. Since every message is meaningful, every one reinforces the idea that our chatbot is the place to go for consistently high-quality information. In fact, by sending targeted campaigns, our early adopters have seen engagement rates as high as 72%. On top of this, you’re freed up to communicate what you want whenever you want. Because you know that you're going only to reach the right people, you no longer have to worry about overwhelming anyone with irrelevant information. Actions speak louder than words. The goal of most internal comms is to get employees to complete a task. And this means reaching out to them where they spend most of their time: chat. Chat is the way to do employee comms. Workers spend their entire day on Teams, Slack, or other enterprise messaging apps. When it comes to getting the whole company to enroll in new healthcare benefits or complete mandatory security training — chat is a natural jumping-off point. Moveworks ensures that employees know what to do next and then do it . Figure 4: Employees easily complete next steps over chat. Think about the last time you were reminded to take a survey sent out the previous week. How long are you going to spend digging through your inbox for that link? Even if you think it’s important, there is a limit to the amount of time you’ll spend on it. By moving employee comms into chat, we can intelligently link employees to the training they need to complete or to the form they need to update. We made it so they can act without ever leaving the platform. Every task is a click away. Figure 5: Moveworks offers visibility into how employees engage with campaigns. For communications teams, we offer immediate and comprehensive analytics. Before, the IT team might cross their fingers, hoping that the right people respond to their latest update. Now, the team can send periodic messages to check in with employees using a certain SaaS application. When you send messages with Moveworks, comms teams know in real-time who has taken action, allowing for additional targeted follow-up as needed. With detailed insight into user engagement, our customers craft increasingly effective campaigns, ensuring that the change they want to happen happens. Don't send an email. Send an expert. Communication is conversation . If you want to share something important, shouting and then running away is hardly the best method. Unfortunately, this approach is common in the world of employee comms. Sending an email, for example, is static and rarely offers a two-way channel for employees to ask follow-up questions. With Moveworks, every message is the beginning of a conversation with an expert. Figure 6: Employee Comms open a direct communication line where employees can ask questions and get immediate answers. With this new approach, employees aren’t just getting a message — they’re getting Moveworks and all our bot has to offer. Since our AI has read all your knowledge articles, ingested every FAQ, and knows your employee handbook to the letter, our bot can answer whatever questions they have . And unlike a static message, the bot also handles the back-and-forth on the company’s behalf, so sending an update doesn’t flood support teams with requests for clarification. In seconds, our bot answers all the questions that updates to company policy or newly deployed tools raise. Sending an update or a reminder shouldn’t be a dead-end — it should open a pathway for future conversations. Make employee comms your differentiator. There’s always been a way to communicate with employees — whether by mass email or all-hands meetings. But frequently, internal messaging is an afterthought. Using email to jumpstart change across an entire company, especially with employees working from anywhere, it’s just assumed that any big transition can take years or never happen at all. Robert Half challenged this assumption — using our AI-powered chatbot to get thousands of employees to adopt a new collaboration platform: Microsoft Teams. Sending targeted campaigns that showed users where to go and offering tips on how to best leverage the new platform, the company managed to get almost everyone on board in only months. Now, Robert Half’s teams have a new collaboration hub, a single digital workplace where they can do their best work without interruptions. By rethinking employee comms as personalized, actionable messages that connect employees with immediate expert answers, companies can turn an afterthought into an advantage. Figure 7: Leading companies use Moveworks to update employees with relevant and actionable messages. Contact Moveworks to learn how you can transform your employee communications. product features More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Product-Specific Terms  Atlassian Close View this page in your language ? All languages Choose your language 中文 Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Português Pусский Polski Legal Copy link to heading Copied! Cloud Terms of Service Product-Specific Terms Expanded Coverage Addendum Privacy Policy Former Workplace Privacy Notice Careers Privacy Notice Diversity Survey Privacy Notice Data Processing Addendum Data Transfer Impact Assessment Reseller Agreement User Notice Acceptable Use Policy Other Legal Impressum Archives Cloud Terms of Service Product-Specific Terms Expanded Coverage Addendum Privacy Policy Former Workplace Privacy Notice Careers Privacy Notice Diversity Survey Privacy Notice Data Processing Addendum Data Transfer Impact Assessment Reseller Agreement User Notice Acceptable Use Policy Other Legal Impressum Archives Product-Specific Terms Atlassian Intelligence-specific terms Effective starting: June 16, 2023 Your use of Atlassian Intelligence is subject to the terms of the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service (the “ Agreement ”) as well as the following additional terms (the “ AI Terms ”). Any capitalized terms used but not defined below have the meanings in the Agreement. 1. “Atlassian Intelligence” means any machine learning capability or functionality made available by Atlassian, including without limitation any capability or functionality labelled or otherwise identified by us as AI-powered. Unless otherwise stated in an Order, Atlassian Intelligence is a Cloud Product and may be included in other Cloud Products. Your Data utilized in Atlassian Intelligence includes “Input” - any prompt, data, text, or other input you or any End User provide or make available to be processed by Atlassian Intelligence, and “Output” - any output generated and returned to you or an End User, as applicable, by Atlassian Intelligence, based on Input. 2. Terms that apply to Your Data . You retain all right, title, and interest (including all intellectual property rights) in and to any Input or Output. To the extent you have any right, title, or interest in Input or Output, you grant us a worldwide, perpetual license to access, use, process, copy, distribute, perform, export, and display, Input and Output in connection with improving Atlassian Intelligence, consistent with the Atlassian Trust Center . You will not, and you will direct End Users not to, represent that Output from Atlassian Intelligence was human-generated. 3. Disclaimers . YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT OUTPUT IS GENERATED BY MACHINE LEARNING CAPABILITIES AND FUNCTIONALITY, AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE AS TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR RELIABILITY OF THE OUTPUT. Due to the nature of Atlassian Intelligence, (i) the Atlassian Service Level Agreement does not apply to Atlassian Intelligence, (ii) Output may not be unique to you and your End Users, and (iii) Output does not represent Atlassian’s views. 4. Third Party Providers . We use technology provided by third party service providers in Atlassian Intelligence. In your use of Atlassian Intelligence, including your use of Input or Output, you acknowledge and agree to comply with, and to require each of your End Users' to comply with the policies available here , which may change from time to time. Trello-specific terms Effective starting: November 1, 2018 Your use of Trello is subject to the terms of the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service (the “Agreement” ) as well as the following additional terms. Any capitalized terms used but not defined below have the meanings in the Agreement. “Trello” means the software-as-a-service solution (including the corresponding mobile, desktop or other application(s)) currently branded as “Trello” and made available by Trello, Inc. PLEASE NOTE THAT IF YOU CREATE A PAID TEAM OR ARE LISTED AS AN ADMINISTRATOR FOR A PAID TEAM, AND YOU USE AN EMAIL ADDRESS OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY YOUR EMPLOYER OR ANOTHER ENTITY AS YOUR PRIMARY OR SOLE EMAIL ADDRESS FOR THAT TRELLO ACCOUNT, THEN (X) YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED SUCH PARTY, (Y) YOUR CLICK TO ACCEPT WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE BOUND YOUR EMPLOYER OR THAT ENTITY TO THE AGREEMENT AND THESE TRELLO-SPECIFIC TERMS, AND (Z) THE WORD “YOU” IN THE AGREEMENT AND THESE TRELLO-SPECIFIC TERMS WILL REFER TO YOUR EMPLOYER OR THAT ENTITY. For purposes of defining "you" under these Trello-specific terms, the last sentence of the first paragraph of the Agreement does not otherwise apply. 1. Privacy and Membership Settings. Trello lets you work more collaboratively and get more done.  Trello’s boards, lists, and cards enable you to organize and prioritize your projects in a fun, flexible and rewarding way.  Through Trello, you and your End Users, as applicable, are responsible for configuring the privacy and membership settings for your boards, lists and cards, such as user permissions and whether boards and Your Data on such boards are private, team-only or public. 2. Public Information. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ALL USER PROFILES AND ANY INFORMATION INCLUDED WITHIN SUCH PROFILES (E.G., A USER’S FULL NAME, USERNAME, AVATAR AND BIO) ARE PUBLIC.  YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SWITCHING A BOARD TO “PUBLIC” WILL MAKE SUCH BOARD PUBLICLY AVAILABLE AND SEARCHABLE (E.G., INDEXED BY GOOGLE), AND THAT ANY ACTIVITY A USER HAS HAD ON ANY PUBLIC BOARD (INCLUDING YOUR DATA ON THEM) MAY BE VIEWED BY ANYONE. We have no liability for how others may access or use Your Data as a result of privacy and membership settings or your or your End Users’ decision to post Your Data on non-private boards, lists or cards. 3. Free Accounts on Trello. For clarity, the Subscription Term for free Trello accounts continues until the applicable account is terminated. Free Trello accounts are No-Charge Products. Similarly, visitors to public Trello boards are deemed to be using No-Charge Products and are subject to the terms and conditions applicable to No-Charge Products. 4. Account Activity. We may make boards "private" where we reasonably believe content on such boards violates our Acceptable Use Policy to address the circumstances described in Section 5.5 of the Agreement or otherwise pursuant to Our Policies, in addition to our rights to remove Your Data and suspend access to Trello as set forth in the Agreement.  We reserve the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice for free Trello accounts.  In the event of termination of your account, we may also withdraw and, at our discretion, reallocate the public web address of your account.  You acknowledge that we reserve the right to log off users who are inactive for an extended period of time. 5. Migration. If you are upgrading from a free Trello account to a paid plan, you may be required to follow additional migration steps, as described in the Trello Usage Guides . 6. Security. Information about our security practices as they relate to paid Trello plans is described in the Operations and Security Guide . 7. Power-Ups. The following terms apply in place of Section 6.2 of the Agreement for purposes of these Trello-specific terms: a. From time to time, we may make available or provide links to optional “Power-Ups”, tools and other features or services that can be enabled by you for use with Trello ( “Power-Ups” ).  Power-Ups may be developed by third parties ( “Third Party Power-Ups” ) or by us ( “Trello Power-Ups” ). There may be limits on the number of Power-Ups you can use based on your applicable plan. b. Any receipt or use by you of Third Party Power-Ups (and the third parties' use of any of Your Data) is subject to such third party’s terms and policies or any other applicable agreement you may have with such third party (including any applicable usage restrictions). Third Party Power-Ups are not Cloud Products and are otherwise "third party products or services" for purposes of Section 6.1 of the Agreement. Use of any Trello Power-Ups is subject to the same terms as for No-Charge Products in Section 14 of the Agreement, without limiting Trello’s ability to charge for Trello Power-Ups in the future. Trello or the third-party provider of a Power-Up may update, modify or remove the Power-Up at any time at their sole discretion. Trello does not make any promises or guarantees about future availability or functionality of Power-Ups. c. When enabled, Power-Ups may access Your Data, as further described in the Trello Privacy Policy .  For a number of Power-Ups, you will need a subscription to the third-party product or service integrated with Trello.  Certain third-party providers of Power-Ups may also charge fees to enable Third Party Power-Ups. d. From time to time, we may promote certain Power-Ups as “Taco’s Picks”, based on popularity in the Trello community or positive user reviews. Promoting a Power-Up as a “Taco’s Pick” does not mean we endorse that particular Power-Up or make any warranties or guarantees about how the Power-Up will perform. 8. Trello-Specific Policies and Documentation. For purposes of these Trello-specific terms: a. all references to the “Support Policy” mean the “Incident and Response” terms of the Trello Operations and Security Guide as applicable to your paid plan.  Support levels are not separately described in Orders for Trello, and the Enterprise Support and Services Policy does not apply to Trello, at this time; b. all references to the “Privacy Policy” mean the Trello Privacy Policy ; c. all references to “Documentation” mean the Trello Usage Guides ; d. all references to “Acceptable Use Policy” also include any other Trello usage or community guidelines issued on www.trello.com/trust ; and e. all references to the “Atlassian Developer Terms” mean the Trello Developer Terms . 9. Notices. For purposes of these Trello-specific terms, the address in Section 26.1 of the Agreement shall be deemed to be the following:  Trello, Inc., 55 Broadway, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10006, Attn: Legal Department.  The email address for Trello support is support@trello.com .  The email address for Trello for purposes of Section 21 of the Agreement is nomarketing@trello.com . Statuspage-specific terms Effective starting: November 1, 2018 Your use of Statuspage is subject to the terms of the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service (the “Agreement” ) as well as the following additional terms. Any capitalized terms used but not defined below have the meanings in the Agreement or on the Statuspage Scope of Use and Definitions Page . 1. Status Pages and Scope of Use. Statuspage enables you to create “ Status Pages ,” which are pages hosted by us that display both current and historical status and uptime information of your products and services, while also allowing Statuspage End Users to subscribe to status notifications. There are multiple types of Status Pages, each of which has different parameters for defining your scope of use, as further described on the Statuspage Scope of Use and Definitions Page . 2. Status Page Configuration and Attribution. You may be permitted to configure your Status Pages by including your company name, brand, logo or other trademark as well as images and other look-and-feel elements and any links/permissions required in connection with collection of your Statuspage End Users’ information or acknowledgment that the Statuspage End Users are subscribing to status notifications (collectively, “Your Configurations” ). You are responsible for Your Configurations as “Your Data” under the Agreement. You agree not to remove, disable, or obscure the “Powered by Statuspage” hyperlink or any other attribution we designate on your Status Pages, unless we expressly permit you to do so in writing. 3. Collection of Subscriber Information. Statuspage allows you to collect information from your Statuspage End Users (including Statuspage End User email addresses and phone numbers) in order to send Statuspage End Users status notifications.  Any information collected about your Statuspage End Users is deemed “Your Data” under the Agreement, and as such must be collected in accordance with your applicable privacy policies. As such, the User Notice does not govern Statuspage End Users’ access or use of Statuspage. 4. Information on Public Status Pages. Any information that is displayed on a Public Status Page is available to the public.  As such, you agree that any such information is not your Confidential Information under the Agreement and you have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality with respect to such information.  Further, you agree that we may collect, copy, use, store, modify or otherwise create derivative works of, publicly perform or display, or distribute any information displayed on a Public Status Page. 5. Cancellations. In order to cancel your Statuspage account (in accordance with Section 9.2 of the Agreement), please send notification of cancellation to the Atlassian Support Desk . 6. Support. Notwithstanding Section 3.2 of the Agreement, support for Statuspage is set forth on the Statuspage Customer Support page . 7. Delivery. Notwithstanding Section 9.5 of the Agreement, a Statuspage subscription will be activated once we have received a fully executed Order or payment of all applicable fees. Bitbucket Cloud-specific terms Effective starting: November 1, 2018 Your use of Bitbucket Cloud is subject to the terms of the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service (the “Agreement” ) as well as the following additional terms. Any capitalized terms used but not defined below have the meanings in the Agreement. 1. Repositories. Data that you upload to Bitbucket Cloud are stored in “repositories.” You designate whether the repositories are public (meaning that anyone coming to the Bitbucket website can view them) or private (meaning that access to those repositories will be limited to those who have permission to access the repositories). For each public repository that you maintain, you must indicate the license under which you are making the contents of the repository available to others, as well as the license under which you will accept contributions to your repository. 2. Storage Rules. The Bitbucket Cloud documentation sets forth pre-defined storage limits on Your Data in Bitbucket Cloud. We enforce those parameters to ensure that you do not use Bitbucket Cloud in a way that consumes a disproportionate amount of system resources (CPU’s, memory, disk space, bandwidth, etc.) or that would adversely impact the performance or operation of Bitbucket Cloud for other Bitbucket Cloud users. Similarly, since Bitbucket Cloud is designed to be used as a source code repository, we reserve the right to remove any other content (such as music or video), particularly if the content is consuming a disproportionate amount of storage. Please note that, since we do not maintain access to your repositories, any removal of Your Data under Section 5.5 (Removals and Suspension) of the Agreement means removal of the entire repository in which the offending data resides, not just the offending portions. 3. Accessing Repositories. If you are accessing code in someone else’s repository, you should carefully read all the licenses applicable to that repository before using or contributing any code. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ALL CODE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH BITBUCKET CLOUD IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ACCOUNT OWNER CONTROLLING THE PARTICULAR REPOSITORY. WE ARE NOT THE LICENSOR OF ANY THIRD PARTY CODE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH BITBUCKET CLOUD AND TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUCH CODE. 4. Granting Permissions. Be careful about granting permissions to your repositories. Once you grant such permissions, we will not be able to prevent those users from taking the actions allowed under those permissions, even if you don’t approve of those actions. Be especially careful about granting administrative access to your repositories, as some of those actions may be irreversible. For example, if you grant someone permission that allows them to move content in your repository to another account, we will not be able to reach into that other user’s account without their permission to recover the data, as we are not in a position to arbitrate disputes among our users. In that case, your only recourse may be requesting a takedown under our policy regarding Reporting Copyright and Trademark Violations or pursuing legal action against the other user directly. Opsgenie-specific terms Effective starting: October 1, 2018 https://www.atlassian.com/software/opsgenie/tos Analytics for Confluence Data Center-specific terms Effective starting: August 1, 2019 Your use of Analytics for Confluence Data Center is subject to the terms of the Atlassian Software License Agreement. All references to “Privacy Policy” therein mean the Good Software Privacy Policy available at https://www.goodsoftware.co/privacy . Jira Align-specific terms Effective starting: August 1, 2023 Your use of Jira Align is subject to the terms of the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service (the “ Agreement ”) as well as the following additional terms. Any capitalized terms used but not defined below have the meanings in the Agreement. “Jira Align” means the cloud product currently branded as “ Jira Align ” and made available by AgileCraft, LLC. 1. Jira Align . Jira Align is designed to provide visibility, alignment, and productivity for an organization’s use of scaled agile. 2. Third Party Products. Jira Align may contain functionality or features that are designed to interoperate with, or are contingent on access to or use of, third-party team tools and other third-party products or services (such functionality and features, “ Contingent Features ” and such third-party team tools and other third-party products and services, “ Third-Party Services ”). Your use of any Contingent Features and Third-Party Services are subject to Section 6.1 (Third-Party Products) of the Agreement. In addition, you are responsible for ensuring that you have all necessary rights to use the Third-Party Services in connection with Jira Align and to allow us to access the data, content and other materials on such Third-Party Services to enable Jira Align. 3. Refund Policy. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10 of the Agreement and for purposes of Jira Align only, the termination and refund right in Section 10 of the Agreement shall apply to any unused prepaid Additional Services purchased as part of your initial Order of Jira Align, provided you exercise your termination right within the period specified in Section 10 of the Agreement. 4. Service Level Agreement . (a) We shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make Jira Align available at least 99.5% of the time during each calendar month during the current Subscription Term, excluding Excusable Downtime (“ Uptime Commitment ”). Jira Align is considered available if it can be accessed by one or more users, excluding any Excusable Downtime. “ Excusable Downtime ” means time that Jira Align is not available to you because of (a) your use of Jira Align in a manner not authorized in the Agreement or not in accordance with the applicable Documentation; (b) force majeure events or other factors outside of our reasonable control, including, without limitation, Internet access or related problems; (c) your equipment, software, network connections or other infrastructure; (d) Your Data or Your Materials; (e) Third-Party Services, Contingent Features, third-party equipment, apps, add-ons, software or technology (other than our agents and subcontractors); or (f) routine scheduled maintenance or reasonable emergency maintenance as set forth in the Atlassian Maintenance Policy . No Uptime Commitment or service credits are provided for (x) free, proof-of-concept, beta or trial services, or (y) features excluded from the Uptime Commitment (in the applicable Documentation). (b) If you believe that the Uptime Commitment has not been achieved in any calendar month, you must submit a ticket at https://support.atlassian.com with all fields fully and accurately completed within thirty (30) days of the end of such month, and provide any other reasonably requested information or documentation. If we confirm there is a failure to meet the Uptime Commitment, we will issue you a credit based on the below percentages of the applicable subscription fees paid for the current Subscription Term for Jira Align, pro-rated for such month. Monthly Availability Percentage Credit Less than 99.5% but at least 98.0% 5% of the equivalent of one month's subscription fees Less than 98.0% but at least 95.0% 10% of the equivalent of one month's subscription fees Less than 95.0% 15% of the equivalent of one month's subscription fees (c) We will apply each credit against a future payment otherwise due from you for Jira Align, provided that your account is fully paid up, without any outstanding payment issues or disputes. No refunds or cash value will be given for unused credits. Credits may not be transferred or applied to any other Atlassian account or product instance. The aggregate maximum credits applied to an invoice will not exceed 100% of the amount invoiced for Jira Align in that invoice billing period (as opposed to the actual month in which Jira Align was unavailable). We reserve the right to deny a credit if you do not qualify for one. (d) If you ordered Jira Align through a Reseller, (x) you or the Reseller remain responsible for submitting a ticket as set forth in Section 4(b) above; and (y) any credits will be based on the fees invoiced to the Reseller for your use of Jira Align under its applicable order(s) with us, we will issue any associated credits to the Reseller (not directly to you), and the Reseller will be solely responsible for issuing the appropriate amounts to you. Section 4(c) applies to the Reseller and its applicable orders and invoices with us. (e) If, in any period of three (3) consecutive months, the availability percentage (excluding Excusable Downtime) for Jira Align during such period is less than 95%, you may terminate the affected Order(s) upon written notice and receive a pro rata refund of the applicable subscription fees actually pre-paid for the remainder of the then-current Subscription Term under such Order. The credit and the foregoing termination right are your sole and exclusive remedies and our sole liability for any breach of the Uptime Commitment. 6. Jira Align - Specific Policies and Documentation For purposes of these Jira Align-specific terms: · All references to “Documentation” means the user documentation provided by us to you through Jira Align. Halp-specific terms Effective starting: October 1, 2020 Your use of Halp is subject to the terms of the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service (the “Agreement” ) as well as the following additional terms. Any capitalized terms used but not defined below have the meanings in the Agreement. “Halp” means the cloud product currently branded as “Halp” and made available by Halp, Inc. 1. Documentation. The Documentation for Halp is currently located at https://plz.halp.com/ . 2. Additional Halp-Specific Policies and Terms. The following additional terms apply to Halp: a. All references to the “Support and Services Policies” mean the Halp support offerings described here: https://halp.com/pricing , as applicable to Customer’s paid plan. The Enterprise Support and Services Policy does not apply to Halp, at this time. b. All references to “Security Practices” means the the Halp security practices currently located at https://www.atlassian.com/software/halp/security . Insight-specific terms For existing Insight Cloud customers, these product-specific terms will go into effect on May 1, 2021: Your use of Insight is subject to the terms of the Atlassian Software License Agreement (for Data Center and Server deployments) or the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service (for Cloud deployments) (as applicable, the “ Agreement ”) as well as the following additional terms. Any capitalized terms used but not defined below have the meanings in the Agreement.  “ Insight ” means the applications currently branded as “Insight,” “Insight Discovery” and all Insight macros and Insight third-party integrations, in each case, made available on the Atlassian Marketplace . 1. Documentation . The Documentation for Insight is currently located at https://documentation.mindville.com/ . 2. Additional Insight-Specific Policies and Terms. The following additional terms apply to Insight: a. Support for Insight is described here . The Enterprise Support and Services Policy applies to the extent your Jira or Jira Service Management license is an Enterprise license. b. Insight Software contains components subject to the terms and conditions of “open source” software licenses and those licenses are available for review here .
Security  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection The Gold Standard for AI Security At Moveworks, security is ingrained in every aspect of our business. Whether we’re designing machine learning models or training new team members, our customers’ trust is our top priority. The gold standard for security is constantly evolving. That’s why we never stop refining our AI platform to lead our industry — ensuring that customer data is always restricted, encrypted, and secure. Compliance & certifications Represents continued certification of Moveworks’ CSA Star Level 2 Gold, highest level given to the most mature cloud security programs. Moveworks is compliant with both SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2, proving we keep your data confidential at all times. Read the blog Moveworks complies with the General Data Protection Regulation when handling all customer data, both inside and outside the EU. Moveworks' ISO 27001 certification validates the integrity of our systems and processes. Impact for customers ISO 27017 certification covers the security management process and cloud provider specific controls. Learn more ISO 27018 certification is a code of practice that focuses on protection of personal data in the cloud. Learn more “Trust, security, and responsibility are at the core of our business at DocuSign. We only evaluate vendors who share those same values, and that’s what gave us the confidence to partner with Moveworks.” Saran Mandair VP of Global IT, DocuSign Our security values Confidentiality built into development We embed data security into the entire product lifecycle — from coding to testing to deployment — with strict checkpoints at every phase. A comprehensive approach to data privacy Each step of our machine learning pipeline introduces another layer of protection — the equivalent of encryption occuring thousands of times over. Security as a journey Our security journey doesn’t end with a certification. We regularly review and update our controls to remain best-in-class, while training our employees to keep pace with the most advanced practices. Fortified on all fronts Our infrastructure, our operations, and our product: we ensure it’s all under lock and key. Infrastructure security Moveworks implements robust defensive measures, including role-based access control (RBAC), Zero Trust Network, and multi-factor authentication (MFA). We put our protections to the test with penetration testing and Application Security testing. We regularly validate the integrity of both our hardware and software. Operational security Moveworks frequently scans for operational vulnerabilities to maintain customer confidence. We train all employees on the most up-to-date security practices. We collaborate directly with governing bodies to improve our data protection policies. Product security Moveworks conducts regular reviews of our source code throughout the development process. We employ independent security consultants to test our new products. We subject our entire platform to frequent, third-party vulnerability scans. Reliable AI Safeguard business continuity with uninterrupted access We know our customers rely on Moveworks to ensure business continuity and provide urgently needed support. By leveraging multiple availability zones, we enable their employees to access our technology wherever they are — and whenever they need help. 99.9 % Moveworks uptime in 2021 See Moveworks in action Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
News  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks Newsroom In the News Press Releases Awards Moveworks in the News September 25, 2023 How Moveworks is Revamping Conversational AI with LLMs Analytics India sat down with Moveworks CTO and co-founder, Vaibhav Nivargi, to discuss Moveworks' journey, it's goals in India, and for the larger company, and what's the come for Moveworks in the future. Read on Analytics India September 6, 2023 Top CEOs of AI Product Firms 2023 Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, was named one of Analytics India Magazine's top CEO's of AI product firms for 2023 Read on Analytics India August 9, 2023 The Cloud 100 Moveworks was named to the Forbes Cloud 100 list for 2023 — a definitive list of the top private cloud companies in the world. Read on Forbes July 31, 2023 Event Recap: The State of VC Investing in Data and AI Startups The Information shared a recap of a recent AI and data investing panel, including commentary from Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah Read on The Information July 26, 2023 The State of VC Investing in Data & AI Startups Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, joins fellow industry leaders to discuss the state of AI & Data investing Read on The Information July 21, 2023 The White House Meets with 7 Big Tech Companies – Releases Commitments on Managing AI Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, shares his thoughts on recent AI regulation efforts by the White House. Read on InsideBigData July 16, 2023 International Students Key To AI As Researchers And Entrepreneurs Forbes highlights Moveworks as a top company with mostly immigrant founders. Read on Forbes July 9, 2023 65% Of Top AI Companies Have Immigrant Founders Forbes includes Moveworks as one of the top AI companies with immigrant founders Read on Forbes May 31, 2023 Six Ways to Bolster Your Data and AI Team In a Down Economy Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, shares the impact generative AI can have on employee satisfaction and productivity Read on Datanami May 17, 2023 AI Chatbots: A Hedge Against Inflation? Alex Woodie from Datanami shares segments from Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah's, recent keynote at Moveworks Live Read on Datanami May 12, 2023 Moveworks, Carahsoft Offer New Public-Sector AI Tool Moveworks and Carahsoft partner to bring conversational AI to the public sector. Read on Government Technology May 5, 2023 Best Places to Work in the Bay Area 2023: Large companies Moveworks is named Silicon Valley Business Journal's #3 Best place to work in the Bay Area for large companies. Read on Silicon Valley Business Journal May 5, 2023 How the workplace culture is evolving Silicon Valley Business Journal reporter, Alisha Green, sits down with Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, to discuss how Moveworks maintains its culture amid economic uncertainty. Read on Silicon Valley Business Journal April 26, 2023 Moveworks launches no-code conversational AI creation platform for enterprise Moveworks launches Creator Studio — the first ever no-code, generative AI platform for building any conversational AI use case for the enterprise. Read on SiliconAngle April 26, 2023 Moveworks debuts Creator Studio to build AI-driven employee copilots Moveworks launches Creator Studio — a generative AI platform for businesses to develop enterprise-wide copilots. Read on VentureBeat April 11, 2023 2023 Forbes AI50 Moveworks is included in Forbes AI50 list for the 5th consecutive year. Read on Forbes April 6, 2023 Meet generative AI's breakout stars of the Bay Area SF Business Times reporter, William Hicks, sits down with Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, to discuss the recent generative AI boom. Read on SF Business Times February 28, 2023 Large Language Models Aren‘t the Silver Bullet for Conversational AI Moveworks Founder and CTO of AI, Jiang Chen, discusses the limitations of large language models, and how to fine-tune them for enterprise-grade results. Read on The New Stack February 13, 2023 Zero-shot learning and the foundations of generative AI Moveworks Director of Engineering, Chang Liu, discusses the benefits of few-shot learning and large language models as the foundation for generative AI. Read on InfoWorld February 6, 2023 Albemarle supercharges employee experience with federated automation Albemarle CIO, Patrick Thompson, shares his Moveworks success story with CIO Mag Read on CIO February 6, 2023 The Race to Build a ChatGPT-Powered Search Engine Moveworks founder and VP of machine learning, Jiang Chen, weighs in on whether he believes chatGPT will replace search. Read on WIRED January 18, 2023 Microsoft will add OpenAI’s ChatGPT to its cloud offering Azure: CEO Satya Nadella Microsoft announced the general availability of Azure OpenAI Service. Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, discusses the unique use-cases Moveworks has been able to develop in partnership with Azure OpenAI service. Read on Economic Times January 18, 2023 Microsoft launches general availability of Azure OpenAI Service Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, comments on the general availability of OpenAI's APIs, something Moveworks has had early access to. Read on TechRepublic January 6, 2023 The Drawbacks of ChatGPT for Production Conversational AI Systems Moveworks Founder and VP of Machine Learning Jiang Chen sits down with Datanami to share his thoughts on the development of ChatGPT, and what it means for enterprise conversational AI applications. Read on Datanami December 12, 2022 How To Build an Employee-First Workplace with the Help Of AI Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, shares how Moveworks customers have leverages Moveworks tech to streamline and automate both IT and HR issue resolution. Read on All Things Talent December 9, 2022 Moveworks Scales IT Support for Lucid Software While Keeping Costs Flat Moveworks provides Lucid Software with scalable, quality IT support while keeping costs flat. Read on AIThority November 29, 2022 Heard on the Street – 11/29/2022 Moveworks Director of Engineering, Chang Liu, discusses the benefits and considerations for teams looking into one-shot and few-shot learning. Read on InsideBigData November 18, 2022 Moveworks and Wipro Partner to Deliver Scalable, Best-in-Class IT Support with AI Moveworks and Wipro partner to provide AI-powered IT support that's scalable, efficient, and personalized to each employee. Read on AIThority November 15, 2022 Four Investments to Succeed in a Struggling Economy Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, shares the four things you should invest more in during a struggling economy Read on Spiceworks November 8, 2022 Top AI Startups eWeek recognized Moveworks as one of the top AI startups of 2022 Read on eWeek October 12, 2022 Moveworks bets on NLU and ML to help CIOs improve employee experience Moveworks launches Employee Experience Insights! The first analytics solution that uses natural language understanding and machine learning to help CIOs identify and prioritize high-impact initiatives. Read on VentureBeat October 3, 2022 The importance of monitoring machine learning models Moveworks Principal Product Manager, Rahul Kayala, joins industry experts to discuss the importance of machine learning model monitoring. Read on InfoWorld September 16, 2022 16 Expert Tips To Help Tech Leaders Ensure Remote Work Arrangements Succeed Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, shares how IT can impact the employee experience and go from a cost center to a strategic asset. Read on Forbes September 3, 2022 3 model monitoring tips for reliable results when deploying AI Moveworks Principal Product Manager, Rahul Kayala, shares 3 tips for ensuring your AI models are performing their best Read on VentureBeat August 12, 2022 Moveworks: Building (and running) teams with circular model theory Moveworks Principal Product Manager, Rahul Kayala, shares how IT teams can reduce waste and continuously improve. Read on ERPToday July 26, 2022 Microsoft partner ecosystem revved up, riled by 2022 event Manoj Gupta, Moveworks VP of partnerships, discusses the value businesses can achieve through partnering with both TCS and Moveworks Read on TechTarget July 21, 2022 Nexthink and Moveworks delivers autonomous resolution to most IT support issues Moveworks and Nexthink join forces to transform IT support within the enterprise Read on Enterprise Times July 14, 2022 How AI Bots Became The Face Of The World’s Most Innovative Companies Autodesk, DocuSign, and Unity share how Moveworks bots have transformed critical business processes. Read on Forbes July 12, 2022 TCS Partners with Moveworks to transform the Service Desk with AI Moveworks partners with TCS — one of the most trusted consulting firms in India — to help transform the traditional service desk model for businesses around the world. Read on Analytics India June 20, 2022 AI Is Not Sentient Yet. But That Doesn’t Mean It’s Not Useful in the Enterprise Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, comments on the intricacies of conversational AI, and what's possible today. Read on Datanami June 14, 2022 Golden Opportunity: How SF Tech Provides Career-growing Experiences for Product Managers Moveworks product manger, Rahul Kayala, shares his experience working on projects that impact businesses around the world. Read on BuiltIn June 10, 2022 Inside 7 San Francisco Tech Companies Hiring for Engineers Ankoor Shah, Moveworks software engineer, shares his experience on the engineering team. Read on BuiltIn June 8, 2022 How Onboarding New Hires Can Become Your Most Impressive Win At Work Forbes met with Moveworks to discuss how onboarding can be your most impressive professional win yet with the help of AI. Read on Forbes May 9, 2022 AI 50 2022: North America’s Top AI Companies Shaping The Future Moveworks was recognized on the Forbes AI 50 list for the 4th consecutive year Read on Forbes May 6, 2022 Best Places to Work: Moveworks strives to empower its employees Moveworks is recognized as Silicon Valley Business Journal's #2 Best Place to Work. Read on Silicon Valley Business Journal May 2, 2022 Heard on the Street – 5/2/2022 Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, discusses why multilingual chatbots are so challenging to get right. Read on InsideBigData April 28, 2022 Introducing Moveworks For HR: The First AI Solution That Provides Personalized HR Support Moveworks announces Moveworks for HR — the first AI-solution that provides personalized HR support Read on AIThority April 28, 2022 Moveworks,The First AI Solution That Provides Personalised HR Support Moveworks HR is the first AI solution that delivers personalized HR support Read on BW People Business World April 28, 2022 Moveworks launches AI solution ‘Moveworks for HR' Moveworks launches Moveworks for HR — the first AI solution that provides instant, personalized help to every employee based on their unique role, department, seniority, benefits, location, and language. Read on Media Brief April 22, 2022 How IT can fix the employee experience [Q&A] BetaNews interviews Varun Singh, Moveworks co-founder and VP of Product, about the key role IT plays in improving the work experience for employees. Read on BetaNews March 30, 2022 US-based AI firm Moveworks opens its first office in Bengaluru Moveworks opens its first India-based office and plans to double its employee base in first next months. Read on Analytics India March 29, 2022 Moveworks to expand India business, double headcount Moveworks opens its second headquarters in Bengaluru, India - continuing explosive growth for the company. Read on The Economic Times March 27, 2022 A Wave Of Billion-Dollar Language AI Startups Is Coming Moveworks is recognized as a leader in conversational AI for internal employee engagement. Read on Forbes March 9, 2022 Why Palo Alto Networks rebuilt its workplace with AI Palo Alto Networks partnered with Moveworks to create an AI-powered digital workplace that gave its employees the freedom to choose how and when they want to work. Read on VentureBeat March 8, 2022 America's Best Startup Employers Moveworks ranked as the 12th Best Startup Employer in America out of 500 startups by Forbes . Read on Forbes February 24, 2022 Why the true test for today’s conversational AI chatbots is time Conversational AI requires a careful balance between speed and sophistication. Jiang Chen, Moveworks VP of Machine Learning, explains how our AI systems can deliver relevant responses — in real time. Read on VentureBeat January 13, 2022 Scale Your Team Like a Bay Area Sales Leader Moveworks CRO Marcello Gallo shares his blueprint for building a successful sales team. Read on Built In January 13, 2022 How Moveworks used Conversational AI to support hybrid work VentureBeat reports on how Moveworks uses Conversational AI to support the world’s top companies as they shift to hybrid work. Read on VentureBeat January 5, 2022 Best Places to Work 2022 Moveworks ranked #1 Overall Best Place to Work in the San Francisco Bay Area by Built In . Read on Built In December 29, 2021 2021 was a breakthrough year for AI VentureBeat recaps the most exciting AI developments of 2o21, including Moveworks raising $200 million in Series C funding. Read on VentureBeat October 24, 2021 How Moveworks’ AI platform broke through the multilingual NLP barrier In this exclusive story, VentureBeat explains how Moveworks created the first multilingual AI platform that’s built to support employees. Read on VentureBeat October 6, 2021 How Hearst aims to tower again – with the help of AI Hearst has dominated the media industry for 134 years. But to remain relevant in this era of instant news, its CTO needed to support a lightning-fast workforce — with Moveworks AI. Read on Diginomica September 20, 2021 Moveworks Expands, Canva Raises $200M, and More Austin Tech News Built In, the online community for tech companies and startups, features Moveworks’ expansion to Austin in its weekly roundup. Read on Built In September 17, 2021 The Water Cooler: Skills 4 tech execs target in IT recruiting What's the most important skill for IT professionals today? Our VP of Product Varun Singh shares why top IT teams are focused on mastering employee experience technology. Read on CIO Dive August 26, 2021 How This Company Hit Unicorn Status in 5 Years Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah talks about how an employee-centric culture has contributed to the company's rapid growth. Read on Built In August 12, 2021 Why machine learning models fail Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains how data is the key to creating AI models that survive real-world challenges. Read on SD Times July 23, 2021 Fake It to Make It: Companies Beef Up AI Models With Synthetic Data How are the world's top AI companies using synthetic data? Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi tells The Wall Street Journal how synthetic datasets allow for even more accurate predictions with machine learning. Read on The Wall Street Journal July 10, 2021 More unicorns were created in the second quarter than all of 2020, as 2021 venture funding continues to break records. Here are all 136 of them. The unicorn club grew at a record pace in Q2 2021 with 136 startups, including Moveworks, crossing the billion-dollar valuation mark for the first time. Read on Business Insider July 9, 2021 The Self-Improving Enterprise: Building a Digital Business that Doesn’t Break Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah discusses on eWeek what it takes to build tech that not only keeps working, but also improves over time. Read on eWEEK July 6, 2021 Discord’s Acquisition, Zipline Raised $250M, and More SF Tech News Bay Area trend spotter Built In calls out Moveworks as an industry leader following last week's $2.1 billion valuation. Read on Built In June 30, 2021 Moveworks raises $200M to automate enterprise IT tasks VentureBeat reports today that Moveworks, a start up using AI to revolutionize how companies support their employees, announced that it closed a $200 million series C funding round. Read on VentureBeat June 30, 2021 Workplace Chatbot Firm Moveworks Reaches $2.1 Billion Valuation Bloomberg sat down with Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah to discuss the company’s $200 million Series C round — and what it means for the future of support at work. Read on Bloomberg June 30, 2021 AI-powered automatic IT support startup Moveworks raises $200M at $2.1B valuation Following Moveworks’ latest funding round, SiliconANGLE breaks down how the company built its conversational AI platform — overcoming significant technical barriers along the way. Read on SiliconANGLE June 30, 2021 The Funded: Accel and three unicorns score jumbo deals at midweek In a week of newly minted unicorns, Moveworks stands out with a $200 million C Series funding round, the largest investment ever made in an AI platform for employee experience. Read on Silicon Valley Business Journal June 30, 2021 Moveworks Raises $200 Million in Series C Funding to Support Work-from-Anywhere with AI Now valued at $2.1 billion, Moveworks is the first AI platform that provides instant help to remote and in-office employees. Read on Yahoo Finance June 24, 2021 7 SF companies discuss growing rapidly while ensuring employees stay engaged Sustaining fast company growth in 2021 means prioritizing the employee experience. Moveworks' Head of People Ops Al-Husein Madhany tells Built In exactly what it takes to keep scaling — without lowering the hiring bar. Read on Built In June 17, 2021 How 14 SF tech leaders are setting up for post-pandemic scale How do the fastest-growing companies, like Reddit, MasterClass, and Gong, make every employee feel at home — wherever they work? Built In interviewed their Heads of People Operations, including Moveworks’ own Al-Husein Madhany, to find out. Read on Built In June 7, 2021 You can’t have a successful hybrid workplace without this one thing The future of work is anybody's guess. Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah tells Fast Company how to build a workplace designed for any kind of collaboration. Read on Fast Company April 26, 2021 AI 50: America’s Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies The shift to hybrid work has accelerated the use of artificial intelligence across the economy. In its third annual list of the most promising AI companies, Forbes shares the technology that's defining the new normal. Read on Forbes March 31, 2021 Language AI startup Moveworks expands beyond IT to finance, HR, other corporate communications The Moveworks Founders take ZDNet under the hood of the new Moveworks platform, which now solves HR, Finance, and Facilities issues. Read on ZDNet March 31, 2021 Moveworks helps enterprises automate IT self-service tasks Everything at Moveworks is inspired by a simple idea: It shouldn’t take days to get help at work. Today, after half a decade, Moveworks delivers instant help to all lines of business. Read on VentureBeat March 31, 2021 Moveworks expands IT chatbot platform to encompass entire organization Today, Moveworks announced its platform: a single solution that resolves employees’ requests across all lines of business. Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah tells TechCrunch why the platform is tailored to the new normal of work. Read on TechCrunch March 15, 2021 Experts Disagree on the Utility of Large Language Models What do the latest large language models — like GPT-3 and Switch Transformer — mean for the future of NLP? Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi gives his expert opinion. Read on Datanami January 21, 2021 DocuSign Automates to Scale IT for Big Business Growth Digital signature and contract management company DocuSign's IT automation projects paid off when the pandemic lockdowns hit. Here's why. Read on InformationWeek January 20, 2021 Autodesk CIO Wants to Create ‘Netflix’ Experience for Employees The pandemic and the effects of remote work, with employees isolated from colleagues and the Help Desk, has led to a renewed focus by some CIOs on improving employee user experience. Read on The Wall Street Journal January 7, 2021 2021 Career-Launching Companies Find out which tech companies have enough momentum to become successful businesses and accelerate your career growth. Read on Wealthfront December 30, 2020 The Future-Proof Service Desk: Preventing Tomorrow’s Tech Issues With AI Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains how AI is making proactive tech support a reality. Read on Forbes December 29, 2020 How AI is Revolutionizing Business Processes In this eWEEK EXPERT Q&A, Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains why we're seeing more AI in more apps in more places than we've ever seen before. Read on eWEEK December 8, 2020 Moveworks Founder & CEO Bhavin Shah: Transforming the Service Desk with AI Our CEO Bhavin Shah shares how truly interactive AI frees up the service desk. Read on HMG Strategy December 2, 2020 The 50 Most Promising Startups The Information selected 50 companies across six sectors to be on our inaugural list of the most promising private tech startups. Read on The Information November 30, 2020 5 Chatbot Use Cases to Steal Chatbots are the top use case of AI in the enterprise. If you are looking for a chatbot use case, here are five to consider. Read on InformationWeek October 21, 2020 Why ‘primitive’ enterprise search must change in a remote-first world Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains how we’re finally fixing enterprise search. Read on Tech Monitor October 8, 2020 The secrets of small data: How machine learning finally reached the enterprise Transfer learning and collective learning enable enterprises to build machine learning models using small data when big data isn't available. Read on VentureBeat September 8, 2020 Sapphire's 2020 CIO Innovation Index focuses on startup engagement amid COVID-19 Sapphire Ventures released its second annual CIO Innovation Index, which includes insights from more than 100 CIOs to better understand spending, strategies guiding innovation, and more. Read on TechRepublic September 1, 2020 Don't Settle: 5 SF Companies Hiring Now Bay Area professionals speak to the career openings they’ve been given –– particularly when it comes to chasing innovation in product and technology in their respective industries. Read on Built In August 24, 2020 The Universal UI: Why Natural Language Is The Ultimate Interface For SaaS In the battle for your attention, SaaS applications must engage with you on your terms to emerge victorious. Read on Forbes August 20, 2020 Chatbots Are Machine Learning Their Way To Human Language Natural Language Understanding (NLU) has made progress in reducing the language barrier between people and AI by solving semantics with mathematics. Read on Forbes August 12, 2020 Startup Winners in the AI Boom The information compiled a list of 12 AI startups worth watching. Read on The Information August 5, 2020 How Will COVID-19 Shape The Future Of Work? How Will COVID-19 Shape The Future Of Work? Answer by Josh Coyne, Investor at Kleiner Perkins. Read on Forbes July 21, 2020 Equinix Prioritizes AI Investments Amid Pandemic Equinix CIO Milind Wagle provides an update on the company's AI initiatives and how they helped during the COVID-19 crisis. Read on InformationWeek July 15, 2020 Natural Language Understanding with AI for IT Support Vaibhav Nivargi, CTO of Moveworks, talks about Natural Language Understanding, interacting with users using chatbots, and augmenting customer service with AI. Read on The Cloudcast July 10, 2020 AI 50 Founders Predict What Artificial Intelligence Will Look Like After Covid-19 Forbes AI 50 founders predict what artificial intelligence will look like post coronavirus. Read on Forbes July 5, 2020 Gartner's Top 25 Enterprise Software Startups To Watch In 2020 Forbes compiled a list of the 25 best enterprise software startups to watch in 2020. Read on Forbes July 3, 2020 AI 50: America’s Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies Forbes second annual AI 50, a list of private, U.S.-based companies that are using artificial intelligence in meaningful business-oriented way. Read on Forbes June 10, 2020 50 Future Unicorns CB Insights put together a list of 50 future unicorns, companies they think will eventually be valued at $1B or more. Read on CB Insights May 28, 2020 Next Billion-Dollar Startups 2020 Forbes list of the 25 fastest-growing venture-backed startups most likely to reach a $1 billion valuation. Read on Forbes May 22, 2020 Return to work: Automation projects move up the agenda A new report shows that three-quarters of business leaders expect automation to accelerate in the wake of the crisis. Read on ZDNet May 21, 2020 The Small Data Revolution: AI Isn't Just For The Big Guys Anymore The abstract challenge of “democratizing AI” can be reduced, in part, to a concrete technical problem: how to fuel machine learning with small data. And — even more fortunately — that problem is fast getting solved. Read on Forbes May 16, 2020 15 enterprise tech startups poised to come out stronger from the COVID-19 crash Here are 15 tech startups that Darling, Chambers, and two other VCs plucked from their portfolios that they expect to come out of the COVID-19 crisis stronger than before. Read on Business Insider April 30, 2020 Coronavirus crisis spurs IT innovation The coronavirus crisis sees CIOs accelerating their adoption of automation, analytics and new processes to cope with the pandemic’s disruptions and steer the enterprise forward in uncertain times. Read on CIO April 28, 2020 IT Science Case Study: Using AI to Quickly Resolve Enterprise IT Issues Freedom Financial Network wanted to prioritize its employees’ experience by resolving their IT issues within seconds—not days. Moveworks now enables those employees to get the IT support they need, straight on Slack, in real time. Read on eWEEK April 6, 2020 SaaStr 323: The Core Challenges in Moving To Remote Work Overnight The Core Challenges in Moving To Remote Work Overnight, What Does Great Change Management Look Like & The Optimal Position For Customer Success In The Organisation with Bhavin Shah, Founder & CEO @ Moveworks Read on SaaStr March 25, 2020 IT modernisation series – Moveworks: Why modernised IT depends on conversational AI Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains how conversational AI bots have finally modernized IT support — allowing employees to get tech help on their terms. Read on ComputerWeekly March 24, 2020 Putting on the AI ‘white gloves’ makes routine support services less tedious at AppDynamics AppDynamics has found its year-old installation of Moveworks devours  more of the support tickets generated by a four-figure workforce. Read on Diginomica March 10, 2020 Three Tricks to Amplify Small Data for Deep Learning Moveworks has swung above its weight and developed deep learning models that are much more accurate and precise compared to traditional machine learning approaches. Read on Datanami February 26, 2020 Geek of the Week: Bhavin Shah, CEO, and Founder of Moveworks Moveworks aims to utilize natural language processing together with AI to decipher and solve everyday IT problems that users may send tickets to resolve. Read on CloudWedge January 22, 2020 72 startups that will boom in 2020, according to VCs Business Insider reached out to a select group of successful venture capital firms and asked them name the startups that are poised to have very good years. Read on Business Insider December 22, 2019 Top 25 AI Startups Who Raised The Most Money In 2019 $10.7B was invested in AI startups this year in their seed, early-stage venture, or late-stage venture funding rounds. Read on Forbes December 20, 2019 Moveworks: A Very Human AI Platform Moveworks AI is focused on resolving internal IT help desk issues autonomously. Read on Siliconindia December 19, 2019 47 enterprise startups to bet your career on in 2020 47 enterprise startups to bet your career on in 2020 Read on Business Insider December 18, 2019 52 Best Startup Companies To Watch Out For in 2020 In this collection, we put together a list of some of the most interesting startups to keep on your radar in 2020. The list is based on our internal survey of numerous AngelList employees who interact with thousands of startups every year. Read on AngelList November 27, 2019 The 10 Hottest AI And Machine Learning Startups Of 2019 CRN looks at the 10 hottest startups of 2019 that are developing new offerings for artificial intelligence and machine learning. Read on CRN November 14, 2019 Moveworks Raises $75 Million in New Funding Moveworks raised an additional $75 million in venture capital, bringing its total raised to $105 million. Read on The Wall Street Journal November 14, 2019 Moveworks raises $75 million to automate tech support Moveworks today revealed that it’s raised $75 million in a series B fundraising round, bringing the company’s total amount raised to $105 million following a $30 million round in April 2019. Read on VentureBeat November 14, 2019 Moveworks snags $75M Series B to resolve help desk tickets with AI Moveworks, a startup using AI to help resolve help desk tickets in an automated fashion, announced a $75 million Series B investment today. Read on TechCrunch November 14, 2019 Conversational AI Specialist Moveworks Lands $75 Million in Series B Round Conversational AI specialist Moveworks has raised $75 million in a Series B financing round, bringing the company’s total amount raised to $105 million, putting a chunky feather in the cap after a blistering 2019 during which it came out of stealth mode. Read on Computer Business Review November 14, 2019 Going deeper: Moveworks snags $75M in new money to bolster deep learning in enterprise Moveworks has been bringing natural-language bots to help desk applications, and it just got a giant new round of funding to commercialize large-scale NLP processing models such as Google's BERT. Read on ZDNet November 14, 2019 Here’s the pitch deck AI startup Moveworks used to convince Kleiner Perkins to lead a $75 million funding round after missing the opportunity 2 years ago Here’s the pitch deck AI startup Moveworks used to convince Kleiner Perkins to lead a $75 million funding round after missing the opportunity 2 years ago. Read on Business Insider November 11, 2019 CIO Spotlight: Yousuf Khan, Moveworks Yousuf Khan, CIO of Moveworks, discusses his career and the greater tech landscape in today's edition of CIO Spotlight. Read on IDG October 21, 2019 Five Questions with… Moveworks CTO & Co-founder Vaibhav Nivargi Every Monday morning we fire five questions at a leading C-suite figure. Today we’re pleased to be joined by Vaibhav Nivargi, co-founder and CTO of conversational AI and IT support company Moveworks. Read on Computer Business Review September 17, 2019 AI 50: America's Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies Artificial  intelligence is infiltrating every industry, allowing vehicles to  navigate without drivers, assisting doctors with medical diagnoses, and  giving financial institutions more nuanced ways to predict risk. But for  all the authentic use cases, there's a lot of hype too. Read on Forbes September 13, 2019 Artificial intelligence: The future IT help desk Artificial intelligence can provide timely and efficient IT support, freeing up tech pros' workloads. Read on TechRepublic September 12, 2019 No, There Will Be No AI Winter This  time is different for a simple reason: artificial intelligence, in its  latest incarnation, called deep learning, has become "industrialized." Read on Forbes August 20, 2019 Startup Moveworks has raised $30 million to use AI to automate the most common IT tasks — but it doesn't want to replace the IT department Moveworks  is an AI startup that uses AI and natural language processing resolve  basic IT issues in a company. The company has raised $30 million. Read on Business Insider June 21, 2019 AI help desk software frees IT ops to take on SRE skills A financial services company will retrain its help desk staff to be app developers and SREs, while AI handles the grunt work for the company's call center employees. Read on TechTarget May 24, 2019 Moveworks bets IT overload is a natural language processing problem Help-desk tickets are regularly stranded for 72 hours while admins try  to figure out what people are actually asking. Startup Moveworks is  adapting natural language understanding to decipher and automate those  mysterious requests. Read on ZDNet May 20, 2019 Moveworks is on Jeff Bussgang's Rocket Ship Startup List: 2019 New graduates should jump on board one of these high flying companies and go along for the ride Read on Medium Blog May 15, 2019 CIOs Turn Automation on Their Own Departments More tech tasks are being done by robots as businesses look to keep costs down Read on The Wall Street Journal April 17, 2019 Moveworks Raises $30 Million To Stop Employees From Hating IT The three-year-old firm is coming out of stealth mode on the heels of a  $30 million Series A investment from Lightspeed Venture Partners and  Bain Capital with a product that can automatically complete a range of  tech support chores like unlocking accounts or managing email lists. Read on Forbes Moveworks Press Releases August 17, 2023 Moveworks Bolsters Bengaluru Team with Key Engineering and HR Leadership Hires Moveworks, the leading AI copilot platform for the enterprise, today announced two key appointments to its Bengaluru office: Mayank Khanwalker and Rajesh Anandaramu February 9, 2023 Moveworks Named as a Finalist in the 2023 Edison Awards™ Moveworks’ NLU-powered analytics solution, Employee Experience Insights, is being honored as an innovative service and software solution January 11, 2023 Moveworks’ AI Enables Starburst to Streamline Employee Onboarding Amid Rapid Growth Within one month of deployment, Starburst saw 50% autonomous IT and HR issue resolution with the Moveworks bot December 15, 2022 Moveworks Scales IT Support for Lucid Software While Keeping Costs Flat Moveworks’ AI-powered solution will enable Lucid employees with sophisticated self-service support so IT agents will be freed up to work on high impact projects November 17, 2022 Moveworks and Wipro Partner to Deliver Scalable, Best-in-Class IT Support with AI The partnership offers customers a cost-effective IT solution that delivers the quality, personalized experience employees expect November 16, 2022 Moveworks’ AI Platform Powers Jamf’s New Standard for Hybrid Work Support Jamf will leverage Moveworks’ conversational AI platform to scale a best-in-class hybrid work support model October 12, 2022 Moveworks Launches Employee Experience Insights to Help CIOs Identify and Prioritize High-Impact Initiatives EXI uses new techniques in Natural Language Understanding to help businesses identify the biggest issues slowing employees down July 21, 2022 Nexthink and Moveworks Join Forces to Enable Proactive Tech Support in the Digital Workplace By combining DEX management with conversational AI, businesses can minimize workplace disruptions and dramatically increase productivity July 12, 2022 Moveworks Partners with TCS to Transform the Service Desk with AI Moveworks partners with  Tata Consultancy Services to provide seamless support to their employees at any time, in any language, and from any location. June 23, 2022 Moveworks Wins ‘Best Overall Bot Solution’ at the 2022 AI Breakthrough Awards Moveworks today announced that it won the “Best Overall Bot Solution” at the fifth annual AI Breakthrough Awards, April 27, 2022 Introducing Moveworks for HR: The first AI solution that provides personalized HR support Employees can automatically resolve workplace requests through simple conversations with Moveworks — freeing up HR teams to focus on the projects that matter most March 29, 2022 Moveworks opens first office in India to strengthen its leadership in conversational AI The company will hire top engineers at its new headquarters in Bengaluru to improve the world's leading conversational AI platform. March 17, 2022 Moveworks expands across Europe to support flexible work with AI As European companies compete to deliver the best employee experience, Moveworks brings its AI platform to the UK, France, and Germany. March 16, 2022 Moveworks announces API to proactively prevent issues at work The API enables companies to send their employees critical messages and requests — with workflows that are automatically triggered by events across the business. October 20, 2021 Moveworks pioneers the first multilingual AI platform built to support global companies Employees can now instantly resolve their workplace requests by asking Moveworks in English, Spanish, Italian, French, German, and Portuguese. September 15, 2021 Moveworks expands U.S. footprint with new office in Austin, Texas The company continues its hyper-growth by establishing a presence in Austin -- an emerging hub for top talent. July 28, 2021 AI at scale: Moveworks enhances conversational AI platform to support the world's largest companies Moveworks unveils a new, self-learning conversational AI technique, which solves employees' requests by generating customized responses based on real-time data. June 30, 2021 Moveworks Raises $200 Million in Series C Funding to Support Work-from-Anywhere with AI Now valued at $2.1 billion, Moveworks is the first AI platform that provides instant help to remote and in-office employees March 31, 2021 Instant help at work: Moveworks announces next evolution with AI-powered Employee Service Platform Moveworks now automatically resolves issues across all lines of business, including IT, HR, Finance, and Facilities. June 9, 2020 Moveworks Integrates with Microsoft Teams to Transform Enterprise IT Support Integration of leading AI and Natural Language Understanding platform with Microsoft Teams turns chat and collaboration platform into an autonomous IT support channel February 13, 2020 Moveworks Launches "Channel Resolver" to Accelerate Resolution of Employee IT Issues New AI and Natural Language Understanding solution identifies IT support issues in any channel within the Slack collaboration hub, and resolves them automatically November 14, 2019 Moveworks Announces $75M Round Led By Kleiner Perkins, ICONIQ Capital and Sapphire Ventures Oversubscribed financing round underscores significant impact of autonomous AI solution; Company acquires new customers Align Technology, LinkedIn, Symantec, Belkin, Stitch Fix, AppDynamics and more April 17, 2019 Moveworks Unveils Advanced AI Solution to Autonomously Resolve Employee IT Support Issues Company emerges after three years in stealth with dozens of Fortune 500 and leading enterprise customers, and venture backing from Bain Capital Ventures and Lightspeed Venture Partners Moveworks Awards Moveworks was named one of top private cloud companies in the world. Moveworks is a Leader in Intelligent Virtual Assistants Moveworks is a Leader in Intelligent Virtual Assistants for the Enterprise BuiltIn named Moveworks the #1 Best Place to Work in the Bay Area in 2022 Silicon Valley Business Journal names Moveworks the #2 Best Place to work in the Bay Area in 2022 Forbes names Moveworks the #12 Best Startup Employer in America in 2022 Moveworks wins the 2021 AI Breakthrough Award for “Best Chatbot Solution” Moveworks was included in the 2022 Forbes AI50 list for the 4th consecutive year Inc. names Moveworks as a 2022 best workplace Named one of Newsweek's 100 Most Loved Workplaces 2022 EXI was honored as an innovative service and software solution. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Paths Workspace: Create AI-Powered Conversations  Moveworks Creator Studio Paths Workspace Use generative AI to instantly build fluid yet controlled conversations in any enterprise system. Learn more Previous Next Pause Play Cost Reduction Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere Work smarter with next-gen automation Create intelligent, automated conversations that trigger actions in external business systems. Your employees won’t need to perform the same repetitive, manual tasks every day or spend time searching for the right knowledge article. Send an expert, every time Your best employees learn how to do their job from observing their peers. Train your Moveworks bot the same way — just provide it with sample conversations. Using expert emulation, it will automatically learn how to handle hundreds of issues. Understand exactly what users need Traditional bot toolkits struggle to figure out exactly what your user mean while you tune hyper-parameters and change NLU settings. Instead, Moveworks chains together multiple LLMs to understand intent — no manual tweaking necessary. Generate workflows with ease Powered by multiple language models, like GPT-3.5, our platform automatically generates new conversation flows based on no more than a few examples. Now, you can create new workflows as quickly as you can think of them. The possibilities are endless Streamline onboarding Troubleshoot network issues Set an OOO message New hires will never miss a step in the onboarding process. Make sure you new hires don’t have to search around for required tax forms and important policies. Let your users self-service network issues. Guide employees through a series of questions and tests to diagnose and resolve common network connection issues without involving the helpdesk. Going out of office shouldn’t be stressful. Whether you’re leaving for vacation or taking a sick day, Paths lets you set your OOO message directly from chat. “Creator Studio directly integrates with data sources like Snowflake, demonstrating a new way of approaching conversational AI development that is more accurate, has fewer points of failure, and lower latency.” Rory Regan Director of Infrastructure, Coca-Cola Consolidated Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system Download the full guide Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system Blog Learn how to generate any use case in seconds with Creator Studio. Read the blog Datasheet Creator Studio connects people to enterprise systems through natural language. Download the datasheet Guide Build unlimited use cases by connecting Moveworks to your enterprise systems. Download the guide Ready to automate your workflows? Request a demo
Why are organizations choosing service desk automation?  Moveworks Why are organizations choosing service desk automation? Category-leading companies know that employee experience is important now more than ever. That’s why the best organizations pride themselves on being able to deliver incredible support to every employee — instantly. But, only industry-leading organizations know how to deliver the best support while also: Minimizing burnout within support teams Meeting their employees where they are — in enterprise chat platforms Delivering equitable support across global teams at a scale In an era when personalized experiences are the norm, organizations are far behind in providing the same. Employees are burnt out. The last thing they need is to wait multiple days for help. So, organizations are using service desk automation to unlock a frictionless employee experience and optimize the IT team. What is true service desk automation? Service desk automation is the process of using machine learning and conversational AI to streamline repetitive tasks. It provides service agents with a single platform to resolve customer issues with minimum effort so that they can focus on high-impact work. True automation will offer employees end-to-end support, without relegating your IT agents to building out workflows. What problems does automation solve? Right now, agents and employees alike are having a tough time solving for fast employee support. Employees are unable to get fast support for three main reasons: Crucial information is scattered across multiple knowledge bases — making it impossible to find the right one in a timely manner. Enterprise search systems can’t match employee issues with solutions. Employees send thousands of emails to IT agents to solve simple issues, effectively overwhelming support. IT agents are overwhelmed because: They're stuck on mundane tasks, like finding the right knowledge base article. They don’t have any visibility into employee issues — preventing them from addressing the root of the problems — relegating them to a world of nonstop, low-level maintenance. Onboarding is an endless cycle of answering the same questions. To solve all these issues, organizations are turning to an AI service desk and adopting knowledge centered services — with great results. Building an in-house tool vs buying a tool that integrates When it comes to introducing service desk automation into your organization, there are two approaches you can take: Build your own automation processes in-house or Onboard an out-of-box solution for end-to-end automation There are benefits and challenges to both , so let’s dive in. Build-your-own tools Some organizations choose to build tools in-house. This can offer up a lot of flexibility for service teams to incorporate edge cases, save money in the long run, and align your automation strategy with your organization’s “build in-house” culture. If you have a large team of developers that are passionate about building dialogue flows, customizable scripts, and getting into the nitty-gritty of the building process, building your own tools can be beneficial. It's important to consider what resources you have on offer before building your own in-house automation tool — this approach requires a lot of manual effort, but can be hugely beneficial in the long run. Out-of-the-box service desk automation Other organizations choose to implement an existing automation tool. the most effective way to rapidly scale your service desk, without piling work onto your IT team or having to onboard new members. Industry-leading organizations are choosing to pursue this route for many reasons, including: Faster time to value. Because you don’t have to spend time building out each automation, you can start solving problems and creating impact right away. Lower cost of ownership. The right tools will need very little oversight — it won’t be necessary to dedicate an entire team to maintain it.zz Benefits of Service Desk Automation No matter which way you choose to automate your service desk, there’s a whole host of benefits that can create a wide-ranging impact. Automation can easily transform your business processes and make your entire organization — from IT agents to employees — a more productive, happier workforce. Let’s take a closer look: 1. Transform business processes Employees are constantly interacting with existing business processes — through onboarding, requesting access, routine communications, and so much more. Automation is an opportunity to streamline all interactions employees have with the help desk to ease massive amounts of day-to-day friction. Automation is also a massive cost-savings method. It takes, on average, 30 hours for a service desk agent to resolve a ticket, whereas automation can enable self-service and give agents back their time. 2. Increase IT efficiency Right now, service desk agents may spend their days running after mundane tasks — resetting passwords, routing tickets, or directing people to the right knowledge base article. With service desk automation, organizations can turn the corner towards faster resolution without overburdening agents with manual help. 3. Decrease employee support wait times Automation can solve common problems instantly, dramatically reducing wait times for employees. Of course, there will always be issues that only a help desk agent can solve. While agents are working on that, you can automate standard employee communications — updating them on the ticket, and keeping them in the loop. With the right automation strategy, you can even proactively engage with employees — solving issues before they become tickets, answering questions before they become blockers. To put this into context, let’s apply these benefits to some everyday use cases. Top 3 service desk automation use cases Based on Moveworks data, we know that successful organizations use machine learning and automation for the following three use cases the most effectively: Resetting authentication Provisioning software Sending employee communications These use cases come up on a daily basis and every employee is blocked by them multiple times during their tenure. At first glance, an employee facing several challenges during their tenure doesn’t seem like a huge problem. But multiply that with every employee you have. And others who are blocked as a result. Easing day-to-day friction for every employee can be a game-changer. Automation is able to alleviate that pain — and more — exponentially.
Moveworks Privacy Policy Policies Our Privacy Policy Welcome to the web site (the “Site”) of Moveworks, Inc. (“Moveworks”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). The Site is operated by Moveworks and provides information about our company and our conversation-based, issue resolution product and related service (the “Service”) to our Site visitors (“you”, “your”). This Privacy Policy sets forth Moveworks’ policy with respect to personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) and other information that we collect from visitors to the Site and users of the Service. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site, and, to the extent not superseded by our customer’s privacy policies, to the Service. Information We Collect When you interact with the Moveworks Site or Service, we collect Personal Data and other information from you. If your organization uses the Service, we collect your personal information about you from your organization's identity and access management system (“Organizational Directory”). Personal Data You Provide Through the Site and Service We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Site, or use the Service. Wherever Moveworks collects Personal Data through the Site, we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy. By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are giving Moveworks consent to use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to us, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of Moveworks and Moveworks’ authorized third parties located in the United States. Personal Data We Collect From Your Organization If your organization uses the Service, Moveworks collects personal information about you from your Organizational Directory, such as Active Directory or Okta, including your name, your organizational email address, your organizational telephone number, and Organizational Directory information about you. Personal Data We Collect From Other Sources We may collect personal information about you from other sources including third parties from whom we purchase Personal Data from publicly available information. These may include your name, business email address, business telephone number, job title and department, company name, business related postal address, and social networking URLs. We may combine information you provide with data we collect from third parties. We use this information to create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you. Other Information We Collect Usage Data We collect information when you use the Service, including actions you take in the Service and the messaging conversations you have with the Service. This helps us improve the performance of our machine learning models and make your experience better. Non-Identifiable Data When you interact with Moveworks through the Site or Service, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. Moveworks may store such information and include it in databases owned and maintained by Moveworks affiliates, agents or service providers. As an example, we may use such information and pool it with other information to track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. No Personal Data is made available or used in this process. In operating the Site, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Site gives to your browser when you access the Site. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Site without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission. Most web browsers give you the ability to manage cookies to suit you. Please refer to your browser’s Help section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site features. Aggregated Personal Data In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Service, Moveworks often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Moveworks may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Moveworks may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Service to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. Location Information We may collect and use your location information (for example, by using the GPS on your mobile device) to provide certain functionality of our Site or Service. We may also use your location information in an aggregate way, as described above in the “Aggregated Personal Data” section. Analytics and Tracking Technologies We may, and we may allow Third Party Providers to, use cookies (as noted above) or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site and enhance your experience when you use the Site. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Privacy Policy. Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information Moveworks uses Personal Data in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data for that reason only. For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Site or Service, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. Moveworks and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Related Companies”) may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site to help us improve the content and functionality of the Service, to better understand our users and to improve the Service. Moveworks and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each marketing communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future marketing communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below. If Moveworks intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected. Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information Moveworks is not in the business of selling your information. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below: Business Transfers As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. Related Companies We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Your Employer If you are using the Service in connection with your role as an employee or contractor of a company or other legal entity, we may share your information with such entity. Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties Moveworks, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function and we are liable to you for any onward transfers of Personal Data made by those other companies to their subcontractors and third-party agents. Legal Requirements Moveworks may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Moveworks, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability. Exclusions This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Moveworks other than Personal Data collected through the Site and Service. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Moveworks through the Service or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Service, such as forums, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Moveworks shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. Children The Moveworks Service is not intended for use by people younger than 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site or Service. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Moveworks through the Site or Service, please contact us at privacy@moveworks.com , and we will delete that information from our databases. Links to Other Websites This Privacy Policy applies only to the Moveworks’ Site and Service. They may contain links to other web sites or services not operated or controlled by Moveworks (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Service do not imply that Moveworks endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. Security Keeping your data secure is important. Moveworks follows current industry standards to protect your Personal Data while that data is in transit and at rest in our data storage. We take reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site and Service from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. No network or email transmission is fully secure or guaranteed to be error free. In particular, email sent to or from the Site or Service may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing Personal Data to Moveworks. If you have questions about the security of our Service, please contact us at security@moveworks.com . Your Choices We strive to offer you choices over your Personal Data. These include: Cookies - You can opt-out of user analytics tracking by disabling cookies or preventing your browser or device from accepting new cookies. Marketing Communication - If you do not wish to receive targeted marketing communication from Moveworks, our marketing emails permit you to opt-out of receiving further marketing emails. Service  - If your employer is a customer of Moveworks, your employer may have provided your Personal Data to Moveworks under the terms of a written agreement that obliges Moveworks to only use your Personal Data to provide services to your employer.  Moveworks has agreed to abide by your employer’s privacy policy with respect to any Personal Data it receives in this manner.  If you wish not to provide any Personal Data to Moveworks, you should consult with your employer to have your Personal Data removed from the information your employer provides to Moveworks. Unless you provide us consent, Moveworks will not share your Personal Data with third parties for any purpose that is materially different from providing the Moveworks service. Your Rights Individuals located in certain regions, including the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and California, United States have certain rights in relation to their personal data, subject to local protection laws. European Union and United Kingdom Residents - If you are based in the European Union or the United Kingdom, you may have the right to ask us to: Confirm whether or not your Personal Data is being processed; Provide you with details about how we process your Personal Data; Correct or delete Personal Data which we hold about you; Consider your valid objection to the processing of your Personal Data (including the right to object to processing on grounds relating to your particular situation where we are relying on our legitimate interests as a legal basis for processing your Personal Data); Restrict our processing of your Personal Data; Consider your valid request to transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible; and Ask us to withdraw your previous consent if you have previously provided us with consent to process your Personal Data and we rely on it as our legal basis for processing. California Residents - As a California resident, you have the right to: Request notice about our collection and processing of your personal information; Know what specific pieces of your personal information we collected and retained over the last 12 months; Access and deletion of your certain personal information we collected over the last 12 months; Opt out of “sale” of your personal information as defined under California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA); Know whether personal information is shared; Request notice regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes; and Not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. Some California laws also may define “personal information” differently from this policy. You may designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Under California law, we are required to respond to only one request per California Consumer per year. If you wish to exercise any of the above rights or have questions about them, please contact us at privacy@moveworks.com . We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account. International Data Transfers Moveworks may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live. We utilize the following safeguards for transferring Personal Data from jurisdiction with differing data protection laws: European Union Model Clauses - Moveworks offers European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses, as an alternate mechanism for Personal Data transfer as approved by European Commission or other applicable regulator. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield - Although the EU-US and Swiss Privacy Shield framework has been ruled invalid for the transfer of personal data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, Moveworks will continue to comply with the EU-U.S.and Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield Frameworks and applicable EU law. Moveworks has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data listed above. You can find Moveworks' Privacy Shield certification here . You can also learn more about Privacy Shield at https://www.privacyshield.gov . In compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield principles, Moveworks is committed to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Residents of the EU or Switzerland who have questions about our Privacy Shield policy can contact Moveworks at privacy@moveworks.com . Moveworks is subject to the oversight of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and leverages JAMS (a US-based independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about our Privacy Shield compliance) to resolve any escalated privacy dispute. JAMS has committed to respond to complaints and provide appropriate resources at no cost to you. If you aren’t satisfied with Moveworks’ response, please contact JAMS at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield . In the event your concern still isn’t addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles. Moveworks has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning data and human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship. Changes to the Moveworks Privacy Policy The Site, our Service, and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Moveworks to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Moveworks reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site or Service after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. How to Contact Us We strive to keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete. If you feel that our copy of your Personal Data is inaccurate, please contact us at privacy@moveworks.com , and we will take reasonable steps to update or correct the data in our possession that you have previously submitted to us. If you have questions about Moveworks security, our Privacy Policy, or our information practices, please contact us at security@moveworks.com or privacy@moveworks.com .
Build or Buy? Choosing a Chatbot Strategy  Moveworks On-demand Webinar Build or Buy? How to choose the right chatbot strategy Why do many chatbot initiatives fall short? While many are looking into conversational AI to improve the employee support experience, choosing the right approach for your organization can be daunting. To help you avoid common pitfalls, join Forrester Analyst Will McKeon-White in this webinar where you'll learn: How Forrester breaks down the market landscape The tradeoffs in building a bot vs. buying a solution The 5 most important steps to ensure your chatbot is successful Watch the on-demand webinar now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy .
Integration Partners Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks integrations Fully Automated Support Moveworks resolves support issues instantly and automatically using direct integrations with your existing enterprise software - including your enterprise messaging tool, IT Service Management (ITSM) platform, Identity Access Management (IDAM), knowledge bases, email systems, facilities, and more. Interested in becoming a Moveworks Integration Partner? Get started Integrations IT Service Management Moveworks integrates with ITSM platforms to deliver end-to-end resolution, including creating tickets automatically, serving the correct forms, triaging, tracking, and closing the ticket. We do the busywork. Identity Access Management No one should be stuck resetting passwords. Moveworks provides 24/7 support, helping employees stay productive even when your IT team is asleep. Messaging Get instant help with Moveworks in your favorite chat platforms. Knowledge Knowledge is powerful, but usually lengthy and buried in siloed systems. Moveworks ingests all your resources, and helps employees save time by serving them the most relevant information. Email Groups Stay connected with your coworkers. Moveworks integration provides out-of-the-box email orchestration to automatically look up contact information and add people to email groups. Facilities Let Moveworks answer your facilities questions automatically. Our AI chatbot gives directions to conference rooms, resolves building access requests, and provides contact info for everyone in the company. Web Extend the power of Moveworks anywhere on the web, including enterprise portals, intranets, and more. Ready to experience Moveworks? Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
The one thing you need to improve your help desk  Moveworks The one thing you need to speed up your help desk Which actions have the biggest impact? The goal of a successful help desk is to solve employee issues as fast as possible. There are many levers a CIO can pull to make that happen — integrations with various tech stacks, increasing the size of your team, or exploring alternative technologies. To find the right lever, we analyzed 16 million support issues from customers BEFORE they implemented a Moveworks bot to determine what actions make the most impact across the board. We set out to answer 3 specific questions: What support channels are employees using today? Which kinds of issues are submitted through the various channels? Is there a better way to improve time-to-resolution? What support channels are employees using today? Most IT desks don’t have overarching visibility into ticket categories. But this information is crucial if you truly want to optimize your support environment. With this lack of insight in mind, we categorized millions of issues from nearly 50 enterprise companies. Then, we sorted them into the 5 channels: phone, portal, email, chat, and walk-up. Based on our data, employees preferred to contact IT over the phone 44.2% of the time. We wanted to dig deeper into this — why did employees turn to the phone? Was it the most efficient channel? Next, we looked to see if there was a relationship between the type of issue and the support channel. Let's look first at what we consider an urgent issue: password resets. We found that employees are most likely to call a help desk agent when locked out of an account — choosing the phone six times more often than other channels. Clearly, employees believe they need to get on the phone with a help desk agent to get help quickly. What channel do employees turn to when they want to reset their password? To represent non-urgent issues, we dug into issues related to email distribution lists — a less time-sensitive problem. In this case, employees are twice as likely to turn to the portal channel. What channel do employees turn to when they want to be added to an email distribution list? Employees change their behavior based on the urgency of their issue — but is help actually faster from channel to channel? Even though many believe talking to an agent on the phone is faster, we found that it takes agents almost the same amount of time to solve urgent issues over the phone as other channels. On top of that, our data also shows that even when employees use what they perceive to be the fastest support channel, they still end up waiting multiple days for a solution. How long are employees waiting for a resolution? As it turns out, the difference between channel speeds is marginal at best . Our data suggests that the quality of support from a particular channel has more to do with the type of issue submitted, than the efficiency of the channel itself. This is because all channels tap into the same backend systems. Either an agent has to solve the problem manually or triages the ticket to someone else who can. So, what's the one thing you can do to speed up your help desk? Short answer: automation. Long answer: The most impactful thing that IT support teams can do is shift their focus from improving individual channels to updating backend support systems. What teams should address is the process of solving issues behind the scenes — with automation. By automating the backend support systems, you can build a strong foundation for improving specific channels or adding new ones. With automation you can: Free up your agents for higher priority work Drastically decrease time-to-resolution Automatically triage tickets to the right experts As you incorporate more automation, from troubleshooting to approvals, your time-to-resolution will continue to reduce. Let’s return to the password reset example. Automating account unlocks end-to-end ensures fast support while giving help desk agents more time to focus on higher priority projects, not routine issues. When implemented, automation can help bring your help desk into a new era of support
Approvals: Accelerated Approval Process  Moveworks Compliance shouldn’t be frustrating. Accelerate approvals processes by up to 97% without sacrificing compliance, all while unblocking your employees to focus on what drives your business. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere Home Product Approvals Provide a frictionless experience for your users. Don’t let slow and frustrating approvals processes dent your ESAT score – with one click, your employees can approve or deny in seconds, all within their preferred collaboration software. Unify all your approvals into one queue. Need to approve IT spend, work-from-home benefits, or PTO? Provide a unified approval queue in-chat, no matter which system it comes from. Protect your data & maintain compliance. With Moveworks approvals, easy doesn’t mean risky. Our enterprise-grade, air-tight security protocols will protect every message, interaction, and approval. Popular Fully Supported Approvals Moveworks can speed up approvals across a number of platforms – with more coming every month. ServiceNow Request item (RITM) Change request (CHG) Service requests (REQ) Policy exception requests (PER) Sailpoint IdentityIQ Identity, governance, and administration (IGA) Workday Payroll & Time off Features Moveworks Approvals comes packed with features, acting as the conversational layer between managers, users and their approvals. Approval Notifications Approval Actions Approval Queue & Lookups Approval Looping Approval Notifications Based on your configured approvals workflows, the correct approver will automatically get notifications with the right level of detail to approve or deny the request in chat. Approval Actions Allow users to take action on approvals directly in-chat, or if necessary, use a deep link to access the relevant approval in your system of record. Approval Lookups Managers can retrieve a list of all their open approvals any time they ask their Moveworks chatbot. Approval Looping Drive a chain reaction of acceleration by reminding approvers of all their open approvals anytime they accept or decline one. If someone needs an app through Okta, Moveworks gets approvals and provisions the Okta tile. We don't have to touch it. Manny Cervantes Desktop Support Specialist, Automation Level up approvals with AI Guide We analyzed support issues from over 100 companies to help you benchmark your help desk’s performance. Get the guide Case Study See how Broadcom’s has automatically resolved 75k total IT issues and counting, all of which were previously handled by an outsourced helpdesk See the case study Blog From “resolution rate” to “issue prevention,” these are the most important metrics to measure the ROI of your virtual agent. Read the blog Excited to try Approvals? Request a demo
Security  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection The Gold Standard for AI Security At Moveworks, security is ingrained in every aspect of our business. Whether we’re designing machine learning models or training new team members, our customers’ trust is our top priority. The gold standard for security is constantly evolving. That’s why we never stop refining our AI platform to lead our industry — ensuring that customer data is always restricted, encrypted, and secure. Compliance & certifications Represents continued certification of Moveworks’ CSA Star Level 2 Gold, highest level given to the most mature cloud security programs. Moveworks is compliant with both SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2, proving we keep your data confidential at all times. Read the blog Moveworks complies with the General Data Protection Regulation when handling all customer data, both inside and outside the EU. Moveworks' ISO 27001 certification validates the integrity of our systems and processes. Impact for customers ISO 27017 certification covers the security management process and cloud provider specific controls. Learn more ISO 27018 certification is a code of practice that focuses on protection of personal data in the cloud. Learn more “Trust, security, and responsibility are at the core of our business at DocuSign. We only evaluate vendors who share those same values, and that’s what gave us the confidence to partner with Moveworks.” Saran Mandair VP of Global IT, DocuSign Our security values Confidentiality built into development We embed data security into the entire product lifecycle — from coding to testing to deployment — with strict checkpoints at every phase. A comprehensive approach to data privacy Each step of our machine learning pipeline introduces another layer of protection — the equivalent of encryption occuring thousands of times over. Security as a journey Our security journey doesn’t end with a certification. We regularly review and update our controls to remain best-in-class, while training our employees to keep pace with the most advanced practices. Fortified on all fronts Our infrastructure, our operations, and our product: we ensure it’s all under lock and key. Infrastructure security Moveworks implements robust defensive measures, including role-based access control (RBAC), Zero Trust Network, and multi-factor authentication (MFA). We put our protections to the test with penetration testing and Application Security testing. We regularly validate the integrity of both our hardware and software. Operational security Moveworks frequently scans for operational vulnerabilities to maintain customer confidence. We train all employees on the most up-to-date security practices. We collaborate directly with governing bodies to improve our data protection policies. Product security Moveworks conducts regular reviews of our source code throughout the development process. We employ independent security consultants to test our new products. We subject our entire platform to frequent, third-party vulnerability scans. Reliable AI Safeguard business continuity with uninterrupted access We know our customers rely on Moveworks to ensure business continuity and provide urgently needed support. By leveraging multiple availability zones, we enable their employees to access our technology wherever they are — and whenever they need help. 99.9 % Moveworks uptime in 2021 See Moveworks in action Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Moveworks Customer Agreement  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks Customer Agreement Last updated April 2023 Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Robert Half Built a Virtual Workplace with AI on Microsoft Teams  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection How Robert Half turned Microsoft Teams into an AI-powered virtual workplace Dan Powers, Director of IT, Robert Half October 13, 2020 linkedin facebook twitter email Editor’s note: This is a guest post by Dan Powers, Director of IT at Robert Half. “Digital transformation requires more than just new technology. To actually change how people work, we realized we needed to focus on shifting employees’ behavior. That’s where Moveworks has been critical: The AI helps employees interact with the tools that are transforming our company.” Mark Grimse, Vice President, Information Technology at Robert Half There’s no playbook for the unprecedented challenges that IT leaders face in 2020: How do you create a cohesive work environment for colleagues scattered in homes around the world? How do you incentivize employees to embrace new workflows and collaboration tools, essentially overnight? How do you provide the level of real-time tech support employees need to leverage these tools — as demand for help goes through the roof? Working at the top-ranked recruiting firm in the United States , the team at Robert Half is reminded every day that companies succeed when their employees are satisfied and productive. Unfortunately, the challenges of working remotely have made supporting a productive workforce more difficult than ever. With employees unable to collaborate in person or get troubleshooting help at a physical walk-up bar, our IT team needed to transition the company to a fully digital workplace. For us, that workplace was Microsoft Teams. Given its tight integrations with our existing collaboration tools, we recognized the potential of Teams to become a unified hub for teamwork . The task then became encouraging employees who haven’t used enterprise messaging tools to adopt a whole new way of working. That’s where Moveworks was critical: The Moveworks bot not only fixes our employees’ IT issues instantly, straight to Teams, it also organically drives new employees to the Teams platform. All roads lead to Microsoft Teams Whether you’re starting a diet or switching to an unfamiliar workflow, breaking habits is hard. Leaders should expect resistance when rolling out new technologies, both from hesitant employees and from naysayers whose instinct is to oppose change. So when we set out to get the entire company onto Microsoft Teams, we knew we needed to take a proactive and comprehensive approach. With Moveworks, we’ve managed to implement that approach successfully . In fact, just four months into our promotion campaign for Moveworks on Teams, we’ve seen a roughly 6X increase in Teams’ adoption companywide: Figure 1: Adoption of Moveworks on Teams has continued to increase, thanks to our ongoing promotional campaign. Prior to working remotely full-time, most employees at Robert Half relied on conventional communication channels like email. The shift to remote work exacerbated the problems with these channels, since waiting hours or days for a response over email is even more of a drag on productivity when you can’t meet face-to-face. Microsoft Teams, on the other hand, is fundamentally interactive and location-agnostic, making it the ideal virtual workplace. Moveworks has accelerated the switch to that virtual workplace by making all roads lead to Teams. No matter where employees ask for IT help or pose questions about company policy, Moveworks intercepts the request and resolves it directly on the Teams platform — gently nudging them toward the most efficient pathway to productivity. And by receiving instant support from the Moveworks bot, these employees remember to come back to Teams the next time they need help. Creating a one-stop shop for instant answers Clearly demonstrating the value of new tools to employees is crucial. To invest time and effort into learning how to use something new, employees need to understand why it is an improvement — and why the existing model, such as sending emails, is broken. Moving away from conventional channels like email meant rethinking how our IT team communicates critical information to our employees. Rather than firing off a mass email that will likely get lost in the inbox, Moveworks lets us send targeted broadcast messages directly on Teams. The result is that employees are more likely to get eyes on the content and respond accordingly. Figure 2: Moveworks allows us to send key updates to employees on Teams. It is important to note that these broadcast messages are interactive. So, if an employee has follow-up questions, they can ask the Moveworks bot directly. And not just questions about the broadcast . Through the bot, employees can learn more about the Teams platform, get troubleshooting help, or read more about company policies. Not only does this interaction method 1) bring new users on to Teams and 2) enable them to better leverage the platform, it also 3) demonstrates the value of Teams in making work happen faster. People are willing to stick around when a new technology has an unmistakable and positive impact on their work. Embracing an AI-powered workplace in 2020 With our rapid adoption of Microsoft Teams, we have already started to see a substantial transformation in the way we get work done here at Robert Half. For employees, Microsoft Teams facilitates real-time communication, getting everyone on the same page. With Moveworks on Teams, getting IT support takes seconds. But critically, these tools have also allowed our IT team to work more efficiently, as well. Rather than reading through all of the support requests submitted via email, the Moveworks bot instantly resolves many issues without any input from the service desk, which was especially important given the influx of basic support tickets early on in the transition to remote work. Figure 3: Moveworks provides real-time IT support, automatically tracking and resolving issues, even for employees working from home. Now, Moveworks is resolving a growing portion of our tickets across many use cases, but there will always be tickets that AI can't resolve — that's where we lean heavily on Moveworks Triage to help get the right issues to the right assignment groups accurately and instantly. 60% of our service desk actions are more complex and require input from subject-matter experts. The conventional model of email and manually sorting through everything that comes into the support desk is time-intensive. Now with Moveworks, 70% of all IT issues that need to be reassigned are automatically handled by Moveworks Triage. Across the board, we’ve embraced a model that is AI-powered. We wanted Robert Half to be a more networked, more connected company. To do this, we had to change the way our employees interacted with one another. Deploying the appropriate technology, like Teams, helped tremendously. After launching our internal Moveworks bot, groups that had once resisted this type of virtual collaboration for years began to engage meaningfully with their colleagues. Adoption of Teams grew exponentially in just a couple months, and our IT team hasn’t broken its stride with the surge in support tickets from increased remote work. It’s safe to say that we are well on our way to a full-fledged virtual workplace in tune with the needs of the modern employee. Figure 4: Moveworks automatically surfaces relevant knowledge base articles to answer employee questions directly in Teams. Contact Moveworks to learn how AI can supercharge your workforce productivity. news More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
One platform for all your employees’ needs  Moveworks Solve every conversational AI use case Automate tasks and find information across every enterprise application through a single, natural language interface. Watch the demo Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 95 Of Medallia’s employees get help with Moveworks 75K (And counting) of IT issues resolved autonomously at Broadcom 98 Employee satisfaction with the Moveworks bot at Procore Watch Moveworks make issues disappear AI Copilot The enterprise copilot platform Your enterprise copilot integrates with every business system, which means it can support any use case across any department. Whether your employees need help resetting a password, requesting PTO, or submitting an expense — they can do it all in chat. Out-of-the-box applications and developer tools Moveworks provides a suite of products that improve the capabilities of enterprise copilots, consisting of hundreds of out-of-the-box use cases, configurability of those use cases, and developer tools to create completely new use cases. Moveworks for IT Power your copilot with a set of out-of-the-box capabilities to turbocharge IT support for your employees — like software provisioning, account unlocks, knowledge search, accelerating approvals, and more. Learn more Moveworks for HR Deploy your copilot with a set of out-of-the-box capabilities to make HR support effortless for your employees — from PTO balance lookups and knowledge search to manager lookups and accelerated approvals. Learn more Enterprise Search Enable your copilot with out-of-the-box capabilities to search for any piece of information or file spread across your business. Your copilot comes with 20+ prebuilt knowledge connectors and 100+ public website connectors. Rich analytics help see where your knowledge gaps are. Learn More Employee Experience Insights Uncover hidden insights from the unstructured data inside your support tickets. Using this information, you'll be able to prioritize automation initiatives and investment opportunities to deliver the best experience for every employee. Learn more Creator Studio Empower your developers and service owners to build enterprise-wide conversational AI use cases limited only by their imagination. Create custom and controlled conversation paths, enable the ability to lookup structured data from systems of record, and send targeted notifications based on system events. Learn more Employee Communications Drive change with actionable, targeted messages. Whether it’s a company-wide announcement or a system outage, reach your employees in the channel they spend the most time in — chat. Powerful post-campaign analytics let you understand and improve the performance of each message you send. Learn more LLM stack Get instant access to best-in-class large language models, trained on 6 years of data, millions of annotated conversations, and adapted to your company-specific data. Natural language analytics Understand your conversation health. Know where you’re getting the highest ROI, which employees are asking for what, where the gaps are, and how to improve. Platform services Meet the core components powering our enterprise copilot platform, including pre-built connectors, real-time ingestion, adherence to permissions, and certifications for the biggest security standards. “We’ve seen how fast the Moveworks platform evolves firsthand. I don’t have to teach the Moveworks bot anything, I don’t have to do any scripting, and I don’t need a team of people to create dialogue flows. It’s true plug-and-play machine learning.” Stanley Toh Head of End-User Services & Experience, Broadcom Learn More Datasheet Moveworks constantly improves over time — you don’t have to do a thing. Learn how Blog Transform your business immediately with these 13 use cases. Read the blog Integrations Bring together your entire digital workplace with our deep integrations. See integrations See Moveworks in action Request a demo
The one thing you need to improve your help desk  Moveworks The one thing you need to speed up your help desk Which actions have the biggest impact? The goal of a successful help desk is to solve employee issues as fast as possible. There are many levers a CIO can pull to make that happen — integrations with various tech stacks, increasing the size of your team, or exploring alternative technologies. To find the right lever, we analyzed 16 million support issues from customers BEFORE they implemented a Moveworks bot to determine what actions make the most impact across the board. We set out to answer 3 specific questions: What support channels are employees using today? Which kinds of issues are submitted through the various channels? Is there a better way to improve time-to-resolution? What support channels are employees using today? Most IT desks don’t have overarching visibility into ticket categories. But this information is crucial if you truly want to optimize your support environment. With this lack of insight in mind, we categorized millions of issues from nearly 50 enterprise companies. Then, we sorted them into the 5 channels: phone, portal, email, chat, and walk-up. Based on our data, employees preferred to contact IT over the phone 44.2% of the time. We wanted to dig deeper into this — why did employees turn to the phone? Was it the most efficient channel? Next, we looked to see if there was a relationship between the type of issue and the support channel. Let's look first at what we consider an urgent issue: password resets. We found that employees are most likely to call a help desk agent when locked out of an account — choosing the phone six times more often than other channels. Clearly, employees believe they need to get on the phone with a help desk agent to get help quickly. What channel do employees turn to when they want to reset their password? To represent non-urgent issues, we dug into issues related to email distribution lists — a less time-sensitive problem. In this case, employees are twice as likely to turn to the portal channel. What channel do employees turn to when they want to be added to an email distribution list? Employees change their behavior based on the urgency of their issue — but is help actually faster from channel to channel? Even though many believe talking to an agent on the phone is faster, we found that it takes agents almost the same amount of time to solve urgent issues over the phone as other channels. On top of that, our data also shows that even when employees use what they perceive to be the fastest support channel, they still end up waiting multiple days for a solution. How long are employees waiting for a resolution? As it turns out, the difference between channel speeds is marginal at best . Our data suggests that the quality of support from a particular channel has more to do with the type of issue submitted, than the efficiency of the channel itself. This is because all channels tap into the same backend systems. Either an agent has to solve the problem manually or triages the ticket to someone else who can. So, what's the one thing you can do to speed up your help desk? Short answer: automation. Long answer: The most impactful thing that IT support teams can do is shift their focus from improving individual channels to updating backend support systems. What teams should address is the process of solving issues behind the scenes — with automation. By automating the backend support systems, you can build a strong foundation for improving specific channels or adding new ones. With automation you can: Free up your agents for higher priority work Drastically decrease time-to-resolution Automatically triage tickets to the right experts As you incorporate more automation, from troubleshooting to approvals, your time-to-resolution will continue to reduce. Let’s return to the password reset example. Automating account unlocks end-to-end ensures fast support while giving help desk agents more time to focus on higher priority projects, not routine issues. When implemented, automation can help bring your help desk into a new era of support
Paths  Overview Documentation Developer Academy Support Login Nothing Found Documentation Developer Academy Support Login Creator Studio Access Creator Studio Journey Preparation Scoping Tools Purple Chat Builder Mocking Best Practices Design Patterns Idea Library Reference Architectures Access Control Trust Support Paths Overview Worksheet Quickstart Workspace Deepdive Expert Emulation Generative Intents Question Configurations Solution Options Conversation Display Troubleshooting PurpleHire Queries Overview Worksheet Quickstart Workspace Deepdive Smart Extraction Response Synthesis Generative Intents Troubleshooting PurpleCRM Events Overview Worksheet Quickstart API Reference Workspace Deepdive Key Management Event Management Rate Limiting Message Delivery Designing for Chat Connect an Event-triggered Path Disable Events Greeting Messages Dynamic Flow Troubleshooting General Connector Configuration API Configuration Launch Management Filter Users Deletion Version Control Creator Studio Demo Functions Analytics Overview Paths Queries Events Quick Tools Purple Chat Builder Message Tester PurpleHire PurpleCRM API Mocking Last updated 3 days ago Overview Paths lets you build multi-turn conversations to kick-off automations in external business systems. Every Path asks follow-up questions until it is confident in a solution, and then triggers an API call or presents instructions to the user for next steps. Idea Library Check out the Idea Library for more examples of what a Path can look like! Emulate your best experts Your experts learn how to do their job from observing their peers during onboarding. Training a Moveworks bot is the same. Simply provide Moveworks with some sample conversations, and using a technique called expert emulation, we take these example "stories" and generate a full conversation from them. Read more in expert emulation . Scale confidently to unlimited use cases Traditional toolkits suffer from terrible intent configuration. It's difficult to seed toolkits with diverse utterances that resemble production, so you're forced into "tuning" hyper-parameters and modifying NLU settings that you don't understand. This is not an AI approach. Instead, Moveworks combines multiple LLMs to produce a generative intent - no knobs & dials to twist, no lists of hundreds of utterances. Read more in generative intents . Getting Started Got a use case in mind? Make sure you're ready to build by following our Paths Worksheet . Want to just build? Follow our Quickstart guide to configure your first path. Additional Tools for Success Some common tools recommended by our existing customers & technology partners include: You do not need the following tools to get started, but they may make your implementation easier. iPaaS Platforms : iPaaS Platforms act as a Workflow tool to help you set scheduled jobs, manipulate text & data across multiple APIs, and draft messages. Power Automate Workato Zapier On this page Emulate your best experts Scale confidently to unlimited use cases Getting Started Next to Worksheet
3 strategies to boost engagement with your employee comms  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection 3 strategies to boost engagement with your employee comms Varun Singh, VP of Product May 20, 2021 linkedin facebook twitter email When you need every employee to update their benefits before the deadline or to immediately change their passwords to counter a security threat, you don’t just want them to hear you — you need them to hear you. Here’s the problem: your comms are getting ignored. Most of us are experts at one-on-one conversation. When we share a significant update with a coworker at the office, we make sure we have their attention, we explain how the news impacts them personally, and we answer their inevitable follow-up questions. Yet this common sense evaporates when we need to share that same update with thousands of coworkers simultaneously, which is the central challenge of employee comms. Today, companies use a range of strategies to communicate with their employees en masse, from posting digital signs in the office to sending out no-reply emails. Yet these conventional strategies are noisy, impersonal, and fundamentally not interactive — the exact opposite of what makes one-on-one conversations work well. It’s no surprise that companies get only about 10% engagement with their employee comms, leaving the other 90% of the workforce vulnerable to problems that could’ve been avoided. So the question is, how can we communicate with thousands of employees as effectively as we do one-on-one? We’ve worked with a select group of companies that are rethinking their approach to employee comms, including Robert Half , Autodesk , and Vituity . By combining enterprise collaboration tools like Slack and Microsoft Teams with artificial intelligence, they’ve achieved 50%–70% engagement with their messages , putting conventional mass communication methods to shame. In this article, I’ll walk through the three strategies they used to fix their employee comms: Moving employee comms to the enterprise messaging tool Delivering individualized messages to only relevant recipients Leveraging AI to address employees’ follow-up questions and requests One-way messages → two-way conversations While companies increasingly recognize the importance of keeping everyone on the same page, just 37% of employees say their leaders keep them informed — and that number keeps getting lower. Ultimately, driving alignment across a scattered workforce requires a new approach altogether: engaging employees directly on collaboration tools like Microsoft Teams and Slack. For the team at Robert Half, the sudden shift to work-from-home threw this engagement challenge into sharp relief during the early days of the pandemic. The IT team needed to transition the company to a fully digital workplace as quickly as possible. And for them, that meant getting everyone on Microsoft Teams. Just four months into their Teams promotion campaign, they saw a roughly 6X increase in adoption companywide . How did they do it? Simple — they made all roads lead to Teams. By itself, the collaboration tool is not a magic bullet — employees can ignore chat messages too. Yet, these platforms offer two major advantages. For one, collaboration tools are reserved for colleagues and business partners, leading employees to prioritize reading messages over emails. And for another, Teams and Slack are built to mimic the interactivity of real conversations in a way that isn’t possible with in-office digital signs or portal banners. Chat platforms allow employees to ask follow-up questions, send links, and share files — all essential elements of effective comms. “Digital transformation requires more than just new technology. To actually change how people work, we realized we needed to focus on shifting employees’ behavior. A chat platform like Microsoft Teams facilitates real-time communication, getting everyone on the same page.” Mark Grimse Vice President, Information Technology, Robert Half Read about how Robert Half built a virtual workplace with AI → Mass broadcasts → individual updates Simply moving to an enterprise chat platform — while a step in the right direction — is not an immediate cure-all. Working with Autodesk, we saw that one of the biggest keys to increasing engagement is sending highly personalized messages . By targeting different team members, with different information, at different times, they’ve seen up to 70% response rate from their employees . Engagement numbers are rarely so high. Conventional comms are more like putting a poster on a wall. Even if the right people are nearby, there’s no guarantee that they’re paying attention. We subconsciously tune out information that we think is irrelevant. Employees scroll past generic digital banners just like they walk by posters. And it’s the same problem when it comes to emails. Send an email at an inconvenient time, and it will fall below the fold, never to be seen again. Important messages become just more spam. But by engaging employees at precisely the right moment with relevant information — that’s hard to ignore. The challenge for comms teams is that manually tailoring messages to individual employees isn’t easy. It requires a high level of awareness and a complete, up-to-date understanding of everyone in the company: names, titles, roles, locations, security permissions — everything. To be successful, they need an up-to-date, 360-degree view of what’s going on to send messages that take into account time zones and have customized greetings. With this approach, employees who usually overlook mass emails learn to pay attention. “The pandemic uprooted the way we work. But in the process, it revealed a new land of opportunity. We realize that to keep everyone aligned, we need to target communications in ways that employees want.” Prakash Kota CIO, Autodesk Find out how Autodesk used AI to transform their employee experience → Dead ends → next steps Sending internal comms to the right place and the right people is only half the employee engagement puzzle. The other half is building an experience where next steps are obvious and everyone can ask follow-up questions . We’ve all opened our inbox, seen a complicated list of steps to, say, sign up for benefits, and said to ourselves, “maybe later.” The thing is that more often than not, “maybe later” means “never.” And that’s a huge problem. On top of this information overload, once an email is sent or a banner is posted, there’s very little control over whether or not people fill out the right form or submit an expense report. Just knowing how to ask a follow-up question or what to do next is rarely, if ever, clear. But with a chatbot, every message starts a conversation instead of ending it . Employees are free to ask any question at their convenience. And since every message is sent through this single bot, comms leaders finally have visibility into who has completed the relevant task and who hasn’t. Armed with that information, they can send reminders or reply to specific questions in real-time. Inspired by the results of our customers, we worked to apply their best practices in our own environment, with our own Moveworks bot: M8. Whenever we send a message with M8, from reminders to complete the cybersecurity training to recruiting updates to changes to the 401k policy, employees can easily ask even complex questions like, “I’m moving to Boston, do these policy updates still apply?” and get an answer in seconds. Figure 1: Inspired by the success of our customers, we use employee comms at Moveworks to ensure that everyone is on the same page. Communicate as clearly online as in person Whether your company is in-person, hybrid, remote, or just geographically dispersed — intentional communication is essential. With fewer in-person touchpoints, organizations need to over-deliver or fall behind. At Moveworks, we've thought intently about the challenge of employee comms . We built our platform to make communications how they should be — straightforward. Because we know and you know that real communication flows both ways, but traditional internal comms flow in only one direction. To replicate this most successful model of communication — talking to people — and help companies communicate as clearly online as in person, we make sure that every message you send with Moveworks is accessible, customized, and actionable. So you can make change happen when you want it to happen. “Most company comms today are sent in emails. Guess what: no one reads emails! That’s why we’re shifting most of our comms strategy to using Moveworks over chat. It’s about making sure our messages go to the right people on the right platform, so they actually get read.” Amith Nair CIO, Vituity Read more about Vituity’s employee comms strategy → Request a demo to see the Moveworks platform in action. More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
One platform for all your employees’ needs  Moveworks Solve every conversational AI use case Automate tasks and find information across every enterprise application through a single, natural language interface. Watch the demo Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 95 Of Medallia’s employees get help with Moveworks 75K (And counting) of IT issues resolved autonomously at Broadcom 98 Employee satisfaction with the Moveworks bot at Procore Watch Moveworks make issues disappear AI Copilot The enterprise copilot platform Your enterprise copilot integrates with every business system, which means it can support any use case across any department. Whether your employees need help resetting a password, requesting PTO, or submitting an expense — they can do it all in chat. Out-of-the-box applications and developer tools Moveworks provides a suite of products that improve the capabilities of enterprise copilots, consisting of hundreds of out-of-the-box use cases, configurability of those use cases, and developer tools to create completely new use cases. Moveworks for IT Power your copilot with a set of out-of-the-box capabilities to turbocharge IT support for your employees — like software provisioning, account unlocks, knowledge search, accelerating approvals, and more. Learn more Moveworks for HR Deploy your copilot with a set of out-of-the-box capabilities to make HR support effortless for your employees — from PTO balance lookups and knowledge search to manager lookups and accelerated approvals. Learn more Enterprise Search Enable your copilot with out-of-the-box capabilities to search for any piece of information or file spread across your business. Your copilot comes with 20+ prebuilt knowledge connectors and 100+ public website connectors. Rich analytics help see where your knowledge gaps are. Learn More Employee Experience Insights Uncover hidden insights from the unstructured data inside your support tickets. Using this information, you'll be able to prioritize automation initiatives and investment opportunities to deliver the best experience for every employee. Learn more Creator Studio Empower your developers and service owners to build enterprise-wide conversational AI use cases limited only by their imagination. Create custom and controlled conversation paths, enable the ability to lookup structured data from systems of record, and send targeted notifications based on system events. Learn more Employee Communications Drive change with actionable, targeted messages. Whether it’s a company-wide announcement or a system outage, reach your employees in the channel they spend the most time in — chat. Powerful post-campaign analytics let you understand and improve the performance of each message you send. Learn more LLM stack Get instant access to best-in-class large language models, trained on 6 years of data, millions of annotated conversations, and adapted to your company-specific data. Natural language analytics Understand your conversation health. Know where you’re getting the highest ROI, which employees are asking for what, where the gaps are, and how to improve. Platform services Meet the core components powering our enterprise copilot platform, including pre-built connectors, real-time ingestion, adherence to permissions, and certifications for the biggest security standards. “We’ve seen how fast the Moveworks platform evolves firsthand. I don’t have to teach the Moveworks bot anything, I don’t have to do any scripting, and I don’t need a team of people to create dialogue flows. It’s true plug-and-play machine learning.” Stanley Toh Head of End-User Services & Experience, Broadcom Learn More Datasheet Moveworks constantly improves over time — you don’t have to do a thing. Learn how Blog Transform your business immediately with these 13 use cases. Read the blog Integrations Bring together your entire digital workplace with our deep integrations. See integrations See Moveworks in action Request a demo
ISO/IEC 27018:2019 - Information technology — Security techniques — Code of practice for protection of personally identifiable information (PII) in public clouds acting as PII processors Skip to main content Applications OBP English français русский ISO/IEC 27018:2019 p ISO/IEC 27018:2019 76559 ICS 35 35.030 ISO/IEC 27018:2019 Information technology — Security techniques — Code of practice for protection of personally identifiable information (PII) in public clouds acting as PII processors Abstract Preview This document establishes commonly accepted control objectives, controls and guidelines for implementing measures to protect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in line with the privacy principles in ISO/IEC 29100 for the public cloud computing environment. In particular, this document specifies guidelines based on ISO/IEC 27002, taking into consideration the regulatory requirements for the protection of PII which can be applicable within the context of the information security risk environment(s) of a provider of public cloud services. This document is applicable to all types and sizes of organizations, including public and private companies, government entities and not-for-profit organizations, which provide information processing services as PII processors via cloud computing under contract to other organizations. The guidelines in this document can also be relevant to organizations acting as PII controllers. However, PII controllers can be subject to additional PII protection legislation, regulations and obligations, not applying to PII processors. This document is not intended to cover such additional obligations. General information Status : Published Publication date : 2019-01 Edition : 2 Number of pages : 23 Technical Committee : ISO/IEC JTC 1/SC 27 Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection ICS : 35.030 IT Security Buy this standard en Format Language std 1 124 PDF + ePub English French std 2 124 Paper English French CHF 124 Buy Buy this standard Life cycle Previously Withdrawn ISO/IEC 27018:2014 Now Published ISO/IEC 27018:2019 Stage: 60.60 00 Preliminary 10 Proposal 20 Preparatory 30 Committee 40 Enquiry 40.99 2018-07-24 Full report circulated: DIS approved for registration as FDIS 50 Approval 50.00 2018-08-23 Final text received or FDIS registered for formal approval 50.20 2018-10-04 Proof sent to secretariat or FDIS ballot initiated: 8 weeks 50.60 2018-11-30 Close of voting. Proof returned by secretariat 60 Publication 60.00 2018-11-30 International Standard under publication 60.60 2019-01-15 International Standard published 90 Review 90.20 International Standard under systematic review 90.60 Close of review 95 Withdrawal This may also interest you News 10 January 2019 How to tackle today’s IT security risks Industry experts estimate that annual losses from cybercrime could rise to USD 2 trillion by next year. With countless new targets added every day, especially mobile devices and connected “things”, a joined-up … Got a question? Check out our FAQs Customer care +41 22 749 08 88 customerservice@iso.org Opening hours: Monday to Friday - 09:00-12:00, 14:00-17:00 (UTC+1) Store Standards catalogue ICS 35 35.030 ISO/IEC 27018:2019 Sitemap Standards Benefits Popular standards Conformity assessment SDGs About us What we do Structure Members Strategy News Events Media kit Taking part Who develops standards Deliverables Get involved Climate action kit Resources Store Standards catalogue Publications and products
Cookie Policy  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks Cookie Policy Last Updated Sep 19, 2022 Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Forrester Study: Total Economic Impact™ (TEI)  Moveworks Forrester Analyst Study The Total Economic Impact™ of Moveworks Discover how Moveworks delivers business benefits, cost savings, and 256% ROI with conversational AI built for the enterprise. Forrester calculates that a composite organization, based on real Moveworks customers, realized a 256% ROI over three years and $11.5M in savings. Moveworks delivers value through automated IT support, reduced HR service costs, increased end-user productivity savings, improved employee communications, and accelerated approvals. Delivering seamless employee support in the enterprise requires innovative, cutting-edge technology. But, you want to make sure you’re getting the most out of your investment. That’s why we commissioned Forrester Consulting to conduct a Total Economic Impact™ (TEI) study to determine the ROI our customers have seen since implementing Moveworks for IT and HR support. Read the study to find out the potential impact of Moveworks, including: Instant resolution of up to 60% of common IT issues 90,000 productivity hours reclaimed annually $2.2 million saved with automated HR support Improved scalability while avoiding costs Improved knowledge visibility Download the study now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Data Processing Addendum  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Data Processing Addendum Last updated April 2023 Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
The Moveworks LLM Stack   Moveworks Moveworks' LLM stack Get instant access to best-in-class large language models adapted to your company-specific language through training on petabytes of employee support data. Previous Next Pause Play Cost Reduction Trusted by the best: over 100 Fortune 500 companies choose Moveworks Multi-LLM Strategy Providing access to multiple LLMs Different large language models perform better at different tasks. You get access to the highest performing models, including: OpenAI’s GPT-4 for search relevance, Google’s BERT for intent classification, and Meta’s RoBERTa for entity recognition. Enterprise Data Training models collectively Most off-the-shelf LLMs are trained on public data, not your company’s data. Moveworks incorporates secure training data from 500M+ support tickets, 10B+ bot conversations, and 100M+ enterprise resources to ensure the language models understand the language of work. Entity Grounding Teaching LLMs your business language To maximize factuality and minimize hallucinations from LLMs, you need to automatically send prompts to the LLM  with content of your business. Moveworks automatically mines company specific entities (identity maps, distribution lists, conference room names, software catalog, etc.) and provides that information in every prompt. Broadcom is resolving 57%+ of IT issues while seeing a 40% reduction in incidents with Moveworks Find out how All Customer Stories Model evaluation Constantly swapping out models New models come out every day and perform better at specific tasks than old models. Moveworks is deeply ingrained in the latest research and has access to models before they’re publicly released, meaning we are able to automatically swap them out to maximize performance and accuracy. Model fine-tuning Providing better model understanding LLMs can’t be fine-tuned with your company data because most of them are too large to host on infrastructure. To perform better than LLMs at specific tasks in the enterprise, Moveworks fine-tunes smaller models with the language of work. This also results in lower latency for the end-user experience. Model annotation Improving model performance automatically To get the most out of model performance, you need a team to constantly evaluate its performance. At Moveworks, we have a robust annotation operation where trained linguists securely review bot conversations and provide real-time feedback to the models. Model infrastructure Hosting models for optimal performance & speed Calling large language model APIs for every natural language task can be costly and provide a poor latency experience. Moveworks has built proprietary model infrastructure to host smaller models that are fine-tuned, allowing for better performance and minimal latency. Conversation experience Handles fluid and dynamic conversation Users speak naturally, and Moveworks understands. Whether it’s in any language, or the user wants to switch topics, or the user doesn’t know what they’re looking for, Moveworks handles the conversation in a delightful way. Search and action reasoning Provides users exactly what they need Businesses have a sea of resources to answer questions: knowledge articles, forms, structured information in backend systems, workflows, and more. Moveworks leverages LLMs to decide the best answer or combination of answers to provide. Web Our LLM stack is a portion of the Moveworks platform. See what else makes Moveworks an enterprise-grade platform. Learn more Guide Read this guide for a comprehensive primer on how to get the most out of the latest breakthrough of AI in IT. Read the guide Blog Dive deep into large language models and their applications for the enterprise. Read the blog Learn how the Moveworks platform drives ROI, reduce busy work, and improve employee experience. Request a demo
Moveworks Achieves SOC 2 Type 2 Compliance Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection The gold standard for security: Moveworks achieves SOC 2 Type 2 compliance Kyle Hirai, Head of IT & Security Jason Chin, Principal Technical Program Manager October 22, 2020 linkedin facebook twitter email Moveworks is proud to announce that we are now compliant with SOC 2 Type 2 , the gold standard for information security. This compliance validates our continued commitment to protecting your data — and affirms the security of our AI solution. Since we founded Moveworks, we’ve built bleeding-edge security into everything we do, from our machine learning models, to our operational practices, to our employee training. As a result, we achieved both ISO 27001 and SOC 2 Type 1 compliance in our first year out of stealth mode. SOC 2 Type 2 compliance represents the biggest milestone to date in demonstrating that, from the very beginning, we’ve prioritized security across the board. Service Organizational Control (SOC) 2 reports ensure that compliant companies maintain confidentiality when transmitting, storing, maintaining, processing, and disposing of customer data. SOC 2 Type 1 assesses an organization’s security standards at a given moment in time, while SOC 2 Type 2 proves that the organization has maintained those standards over a sustained period. Typically, only large, mature organizations are able to achieve this level of compliance. But we've worked diligently to get ahead of the curve, understanding that we can't compromise when it comes to our customers' data. What does this mean for you? Simply put, it means you can trust Moveworks with your data. IT leaders place emphasis on SOC 2 Type 2 compliance because it's one of the few audits that attests to an organization's security posture over a sustained time period. Because we know that companies look to partner with vendors who not only innovate quickly, but also maintain the highest bar for security, we’ve focused on attaining compliance from the very start. At a high level, our specific SOC 2 Type 2 report shows that we’ve upheld three core commitments: 1. The Moveworks platform is secure. Security readiness policies and procedures are built into our platform. As we develop our products, we conduct frequent security code reviews and partner with third-party security experts to test for vulnerabilities. To ensure that our people are as secure as our technology, we conduct in-depth security awareness training. Every employee must complete it both as part of new employee onboarding and as part of an annual education program. Additional security training is customized based on role and team to ensure that everyone is up-to-date with the latest information. 2. Moveworks keeps your data confidential. We know that data privacy is critical. That’s why all customer data in our possession is always encrypted — both in transit and at rest. For each customer, we use unique encryption keys to keep your information secure. Additionally, Moveworks employees can only access customer data on a need-to-know basis, according to strict, role-based policies and procedures. Data confidentiality extends to how we develop our product. We use common, anonymized language to train our global machine learning models. Your private data is only used to train models specific to your organization. 3. The Moveworks platform stays accessible. Moveworks is available day or night, weekdays and weekends. To maintain our 99.5% SLA availability, we rely on a leading cloud infrastructure provider to ensure all our customer data has redundant, secure backups in geographically dispersed locations. Our security roadmap SOC 2 Type 2 is a major achievement, but we work to continuously maintain and improve our core security framework over time. Our privacy and compliance roadmap includes CSA STAR, HIPAA, FedRAMP, and more. We understand that security requirements differ by industry, and we remain dedicated to meeting those requirements as Moveworks grows. Want to learn more? The full SOC 2 Type 2 report is available upon request, in addition to more information on our architecture and security practices. Please contact us for additional details and to view the full report. Contact Moveworks to learn how AI can supercharge your workforce productivity. security More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Microsoft Webinar: ChatGPT Transforms Support  Moveworks How ChatGPT is Ushering in a New Era of Conversational AI with Microsoft Duration: 42 minutes ChatGPT and large language models have taken the world by storm — but, what does that mean for the enterprise? In this webinar hosted by Microsoft, Moveworks Co-Founder and CEO Bhavin Shah will explore how business leaders can leverage this new technology to modernize the employee experience today. View to learn: A brief history of conversational AI to understand how ChatGPT came to be 4 real examples of Moveworks customers that are leveraging conversational AI today The difference between out-of-the-box LLMs and enterprise-ready AI Real examples of how generative AI will transform enterprise support Watch the on-demand webinar now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy .
The most efficient HR service desk runs on AI  Moveworks Home Solutions HR Service Desk The most efficient HR service desk runs on AI Moveworks answers HR questions instantly, accelerating support and freeing up the service desk’s time. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work Scale your business without overwhelming your HR service desk Scale your HR service desk efficiently. Help HR empower your global workforce with AI that automatically solves hundreds of HR issues from day one — without any added work from your team. Deliver personalized HR support, 24/7. Give employees exactly what they need the moment they ask for it. Advanced machine learning delivers conversational support, tailored to employees’ locations, roles, and more. Increase the value of existing HR resources. Put your forms, knowledge articles, and FAQ pages to work. Moveworks’ AI surfaces the best possible resources by deeply integrating with HR systems, including Jira and Workday. 351K Hours of employee productivity saved at Palo Alto Networks by Moveworks 89 Employee adoption of Moveworks AI at DocuSign 98 Satisfaction from Procore employees using the Moveworks bot HR demands personalization HR support requires deep understanding and personalization. That’s why Moveworks for HR is built with layers of machine learning models. Our AI analyzes every request, and weighs every possible response in real time, from location and language preference to security permissions and role, to surface the best possible response for every request. HR is complex — AI makes sense of it HR issues are rarely as simple as a question and an answer. While Moveworks autonomously resolves 65% of HR issues, some situations will always require a help desk agent to step in and assist. Moveworks’ AI understands HR, meaning it knows exactly what your employees need when they ask for help — however they ask for it. When an issue needs to be routed to a specialist, Moveworks seamlessly hands them off to the right person. Increase the ROI of existing HR systems Employees aren’t thinking about complex support org structure when they have a question. They just want their questions answered and don’t want to search through multiple HR information systems their company might have. Moveworks for HR offers a single place for employees to get help across various departments and systems. We support over 1,000 team members across the globe with different needs and circumstances. Moveworks navigates this complexity for us, which means our people get the personal touch they expect from HR, but without having to wait. To create an incredible employee experience, you need the combination of HR and AI Lainey Dailo HR Operations Manager, Solidigm Latest from Moveworks Blog Find out how Moveworks tackles the complexities of HR automation. Read the blog Datasheet There are more than 15 ways you can use AI to support your HR team today. Download the datasheet Blog Learn why HR teams are turning to conversational AI to help them focus on their people. Fix the employee lifecycle Free up your time for strategic work Request a demo Help your employees get the support they deserve Find out how
Creator Studio: Create Any Conversational AI Use Case  Moveworks Creator Studio Powered by world-class large language models, Creator Studio enables you to connect people and systems through the universal UI of language — limited only by your imagination. Learn more Previous Next Pause Play Cost Reduction Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere See Creator Studio in action A radical approach to conversational AI design. Leveraging cutting-edge generative AI and large language models to dramatically simplify building unique conversational AI use cases. Provide just a few sample utterances, and let our platform do the rest. No more model training or scripting. The conversational toolkit approach has proven to be cumbersome, brittle, and ultimately unscalable for the enterprise — it’s time for disruption. Fast enough for every creator. Let anyone on your team get to building in a matter of minutes – not days, months, or years – for any use case imaginable. Composed of a comprehensive set of workspaces. Whether you want to generate fluid, yet highly controlled conversations with Paths; create structured data lookups across any enterprise system with Queries; or develop proactive, actionable, and business critical alerts with Events — Creator Studio empowers your developers and service owners to build any use case. Paths Workspace Queries Workspace Events Workspace Say goodbye to scripting, decision trees, and IVA. Create fluid yet highly controlled conversations. Using generative AI, leveraging expert and agent notes as input and conversation stories as output. Help your employees surface an answer, kick-start a workflow, or be directed to another resource. Explore Paths No more waiting around for data. Query data from any system, any department, anytime. Provide employees access to any system, in any department, in any language. Allow your employees to concentrate on their work, not on navigating the dozens, if not hundreds, of systems across your enterprise. Explore Queries Never let business critical alerts fall through the cracks again. Surface actionable alerts for employees right where they work. Keep your business running more smoothly than ever, allowing your service owners and developers to surface business critical, actionable alerts for employees — ensuring they never miss a notification again. Save time, reduce costs, and turbocharge productivity for your employees. Explore Events “Creator Studio directly integrates with data sources like Snowflake, demonstrating a new way of approaching conversational AI development that is more accurate, has fewer points of failure, and lower latency.” Rory Regan Director of Infrastructure, Coca-Cola Consolidated Integrate with any modern enterprise system Download the full guide Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system SALES Turbocharge revenue generation Let anyone query Salesforce data so your team can focus on more impactful analyses. HR Streamline payroll requests Empower your employees to make changes to their payment processes in seconds. ENGINEERING Accelerate incident escalation Allow developers to rapidly escalate business critical incidents. FINANCE Simplify expense processes Enable your employees to access their expenses with a simple question. LEGAL Surface documents where legal works Send your legal team proactive alerts about documents pending their signature. Blog Learn how to generate any use case in seconds with Creator Studio. Read the blog Datasheet Creator Studio connects people to enterprise systems through natural language. Download the datasheet Guide Build unlimited use cases by connecting Moveworks to your enterprise systems. Download the guide Learn more about Creator Studio. Request a demo. Thank you! By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy .
Webinar: How Power Design Drives Efficiency  Moveworks Customer Spotlight How Power Design delivers service desk excellence with Moveworks Duration: 30 minutes In today's modern workplace, the IT team plays a critical role in not only providing exceptional support, but also enhancing employee experience and boosting productivity. Join us for an inspiring webinar featuring Josh Nelson, Director of Technology Experience at Power Design, as he shares his experience and insights on running an award-winning service desk and driving efficiency for the entire company. View to learn: How Power Design’s IT team earned its 3-star certification through the Service Desk Institute (SDI) How Moveworks plays a critical role in Power Design service desk’s proactive efforts Best practices for boosting productivity through elevated employee experiences Josh’s advice for other IT leaders Watch the on-demand webinar now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Guest Speaker: Josh Nelson Director of Technology Experience About Power Design: Power Design is one of the nation's leading design-build construction services, with 2,000 employees. With over 30 years of experience, Power Design has disrupted the industry with breakthrough design solutions and exceptional customer service.
Automated solutions for every department  Moveworks Moveworks Solutions Let AI transform the way you support your employees — from your most important use cases to company-wide strategic initiatives. Team No matter what team you’re on, Moveworks makes it easier than ever to support your employees. IT Instantly resolve employees’ IT issues with conversational AI. Learn more HR Automatically provide personalized HR support at scale. Learn more Finance Solve finance issues and answer policy questions in seconds. Learn more Facilities Make it effortless for employees to acclimate to any office. Learn more Employee Communications Keep everyone on the same page with targeted, actionable messages. Learn more Use Case Moveworks supports every issue across every department. Employee Onboarding Set new hires up for success with AI-powered onboarding. Learn more HR Service Desk Deliver personalized HR support — anywhere, anytime. Learn more Identity Access Management Provide secure, automatic access to the tools your employees need. Learn more IT Service Desk Free up your help desk while providing instant support at scale. Learn more IT Service Management Transform your ITSM by automating ticket resolution end-to-end. Learn more Knowledge Management Bring together your entire knowledge base to answer every question in seconds. Learn more Initiative Whether you’re trying to cut support costs or enable a global workforce, Moveworks can help. Cost Reduction Cut your help desk costs in half while still delivering white-glove support. Learn more Multilingual Support Support a global workforce instantly, with AI that speaks every language. Learn more Self Service Give your employees one place to go for every issue. Learn more Palo Alto Networks saved its hybrid workforce 351,000 hours with conversational AI Palo Alto Networks needed a new approach to supporting productivity from anywhere. With a workforce of almost 15,000 people, its help desk had to deliver support on a much larger scale — without dramatically increasing its headcount. Learn from the best Challenge: Providing immediate, 24/7 support to a hybrid workforce Result: Instantly resolves employee support issues with AI no matter where employees work, saving everyone time and resources Equinix accurately routes 96% of IT tickets to the right experts with Moveworks Equinix tackles employee IT support issues directly in Microsoft Teams, and Moveworks natural language understanding helps resolve the issue no matter how they ask. E-Bot transforms tedious tasks into painless conversations that last only a few seconds. Learn from the best Challenge: Keeping IT headcount flat while scaling the company and driving adoption of Microsoft teams as the new collaboration hub Result: Automated several agents’ worth of work while accelerating resolution time and raising eNPS (Employee Net Promoter Score) to 96% Automate support with Moveworks Learn how AI can instantly solve your  employee's support issues, reduce IT  help desk costs, and unlock productivity. Request a demo
Send employee communications that inspire action  Moveworks Home Solutions Employee Communications Send messages that inspire action With Moveworks, your messages reach the right employees and make it easy for them to move forward. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work Make change happen in real time with targeted communications that drive action Move together when things change. Keep your entire team on the same page. Our bot helps you reach the right people, giving them the resources they need to take action on your message — whether that’s filling out a form or reading the latest travel policy. With Moveworks, change happens in real time. Don’t just send an email, send an expert. Even when employees do read your messages, they’ll inevitably have questions. Moveworks handles all the follow-ups on your behalf. Our AI is the go-to expert on your company — it’s read all of your knowledge articles and knows your employee handbook to the letter. Empower your employees on day one. There are so many moving parts to any onboarding period — from requesting equipment to training reminders to setting up a direct deposit. Set your new hires up for success by sending helpful messages, making sure they never miss a step in the process. 10x Engagement for location-specific communications 55K Saved by Consumers Energy with a single communications campaign 26K Wellstar employees getting real-time IT support Switch systems overnight Whether you’re managing licenses or switching healthcare providers, Moveworks will automatically inform the affected team members. Moveworks makes sure your entire workforce stays connected and knows exactly what’s changing. Software migrations Security policy & updates Scheduled maintenance License management Cut through the noise With Moveworks for Employee Communications, you can target your messages to employees based on their role, department, and location. Craft customized messages with emojis, images, links, and action buttons — maximizing engagement to ensure your employees stay in the know. After you’ve sent your message, Moveworks lets you track the results — giving you full control over your campaign. Open enrollment Performance reviews and surveys Outages Company events & holidays Create an unforgettable onboarding experience — automatically New hires have a million things to do: like enrolling in benefits, requesting the right hardware, figuring out the VPN, and so much more. Send a targeted onboarding checklist with Moveworks for Employee Communications to make your new hires feel welcome and prepared to do the best work of their careers. Device provisioning Training reminders Direct deposit set up Sending out swag “Moveworks for Employee Communications is a huge win. The difference in engagement compared to email is astounding.” Donald Small Director of IT Service Management, loanDepot Latest from Moveworks Blog Try these 3 strategies to increase engagement with all of your employee communications Learn more Case Study loanDepot “wanted to break away from email for ages” — AI-powered communications made that possible Find out how Blog Inspire action by sending targeted messages with Moveworks for Employee Communications Read the blog Send messages your team can’t ignore Request a demo Support every team with conversational AI Explore our product
Return to the Office with Employee Support Automation  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Returning to the office? Here's why you need Employee Support Automation It takes real-time support to make your office feel like home. The moment that will define your employee experience When employees return to the office, they flood support teams with thousands of requests for help, from replacing an old monitor to finding a new conference room. It’s like onboarding all over again — except for the entire workforce, at the same time. How you return to the office will set your workplace’s tone for years to come. The future of your company rides on the support team’s ability to handle all these requests quickly. Employees can’t wait days for help. When they need support, they need it now. Return to the office with AI So what does it take to make a seamless transition? The challenge looks different for every department. IT has to stay on top of hardware requests, HR needs to ensure that employees are up to speed on every new policy, and Facilities must help employees navigate their building. That’s why leading companies are using automation and AI to resolve support issues instantly — at scale. We broke down the top use cases for automation: Keep employees informed Keep employees informed Target your comms Anticipate and answer questions Anticipate and answer questions Deliver instant answers Collect employee feedback Collect employee feedback Serve smart forms A whole new workplace A smooth transition is just half the story. The ultimate goal is to ensure all employees feel connected to each other and your company, whether they’re in the office, hybrid, remote, or distributed around the world. That takes a durable, digital workplace, where they can access the people and resources they need instantly. Our CEO Bhavin Shah shares his unique insights on building a truly connected digital HQ . Ready to experience Moveworks? Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
The Forrester Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations  Moveworks View Report Moveworks named leader in The Forrester Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations, Q4 2022 AI chatbots automate mundane support issues, helping you reduce costs and free up your team to spend more time working on high-impact projects. In its latest report on chatbots for IT operations, Forrester analyzes “the 11 providers that matter most” — helping you choose the right chatbot for your environment. Read the report to learn: Key considerations when selecting a chatbot for IT automation Findings on each of the vendors scored against 33 criteria Why Forrester named Moveworks a leader among the top IT chatbots and virtual agents “Moveworks takes care of making virtual agents useful for customers...references attested that Moveworks does make adoption easy and that they saw immediate benefits.” — The Forrester Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations, Q4 2022 View Report Now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
89% of DocuSign Uses An Enterprise Chatbot For Help  Moveworks Home Customers DocuSign 89% of DocuSign uses a chatbot to get help. Here’s why… To keep up with rapid growth, DocuSign needed an enterprise chatbot that would empower employees to easily self-service their own support. Headquartered in San Francisco, DocuSign is the Agreement Cloud company that offers the #1 e-signature solution. The company allows organizations to prepare, sign, send, and manage agreements in a fully electronic format. Download the PDF 89 % Of DocuSign’s employees have used Moveworks AI Challenge Scaling IT support alongside rapid headcount growth and global expansion Result Moveworks has provided instant IT help to 89% of DocuSign employees The Problem DocuSign searched for a chatbot that would keep employees coming back Since its IPO in 2018, DocuSign has continued to grow rapidly. Saran Mandair, Vice President of Global IT, realized that manually handling every support issue was no longer an option. To maintain white-glove support across multiple offices, countries, and time zones, he would need an automation solution that would empower employees to easily self-service their own support. That said — as a rule, Mandair and his team are very considerate when rolling out new productivity tools. Like many companies, DocuSign is wary of IT sprawl: what happens when too many siloed applications create complications for the service desk and friction for end-users. When implementing another product, such as a chatbot, the team does so with the explicit purpose of simplifying the IT environment and improving the employee experience — not just adding to its complexity. The Solution Hearo — an enterprise chatbot — is the go-to for support at DocuSign In February 2020, DocuSign launched its Moveworks chatbot. Known internally as Hearo, the AI-powered chatbot allows the company’s employees to self-service their IT issues straight on Slack — via natural conversation . Since then, Hearo has fundamentally transformed the support process: The bot autonomously resolves thousands of all employee support issues a month, while routing other issues to the appropriate subject-matter expert. As the bot adds more features to its skillset, the chatbot’s performance continues to improve , encouraging employees to keep coming back. Instead of waiting days to get IT help, with the chatbot employees can get immediate, actionable solutions to many of their tech problems, from provisioning software to unlocking accounts. We all came to DocuSign to do the work of our career. Moveworks provides the automation we need to focus on the challenging projects that matter. Saran Mandair Vice President of Global IT The Result 89% of employees at DocuSign have used a chatbot to get help at work Moveworks has played a critical role in solving the problem of IT sprawl by serving as the connective tissue for all the company’s software, knowledge, and resources. Because employees can converse with their chatbot, Hearo, using natural conversation, the bot has become a go-to for IT issues, making the whole ecosystem more accessible. In fact, while most employee-facing chatbots struggle to reach 10% adoption, 9 out of 10 DocuSign employees have already used Hearo for instant IT support. And crucially, Hearo delivers such simple and rapid support that many employees now prefer using the bot instead of asking for help from a service desk agent. Given the high-level of employee adoption, the next logical step for DocuSign is to look into new use cases for Hearo. Employees have become “so comfortable using the bot for IT” that they’ve begun to ask Hearo for help in other domains—like HR, sales, and finance—across the enterprise. That’s what’s coming next. ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Moveworks 8 ways Moveworks makes supporting employees effortless Fast companies use Moveworks. Here are 8 game-changing things only Moveworks can do. Learn more AI bots are the face of the world’s most innovative companies Moveworks serves as the connective tissue for all DocuSign’s software tools, speeding up IT. Read the article Let Moveworks' AI triage your support tickets Moveworks' AI routes complicated support requests to the right expert or group — with 96% accuracy. Learn more about triage Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
One platform. Everything your employees need.  Moveworks Employee Experience Insights Your entire employee experience — now on a single screen. Using advanced natural language understanding, EXI analyzes your support tickets in real time, so you know exactly what to solve next. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Trusted by employee experience experts Home Product Employee Experience Insights NLU that’s built for business leaders Reveal the real story behind your support tickets. Unlike every other reporting tool you’ve seen, Employee Experience Insights works by investigating the unstructured language in your support tickets, then visualizes the most important problems slowing down your workforce. Finally, you’ll see the experiences behind the services you deliver. Measure the success of your big investments. EXI lets you dig deeper than ever before into how your investments in applications, systems, and support teams are performing, relative to benchmarks from your peers. That means you can change a confusing process, migrate to a different tool, or launch a new initiative — with total confidence. Drive change across every department. Now, you can identify the key challenges facing each individual department, from marketing to engineering to sales. EXI puts you in control of your employee experience: you can share insights and prove impact with a single click. Give yourself the world’s most advanced NLU Employee Experience Insights is powered by Language Core™, a massive network of NLP and NLU models that Moveworks built specifically to understand support tickets. There’s no need to manually tag or categorize issues anymore, since Language Core breaks down the unstructured text in each ticket to provide simple, actionable insights. Automatically. Features There are endless features for your team to explore in Employee Experience Insights. Here are three of our favorites: Issues Deep Dive EX Performance Metrics Persona and Time Filter Drill down into most impactful support issues Our Employee Issues Map condenses thousands of unique issues into a powerful bird’s-eye view, where you can instantly spot opportunities to accelerate a process or prevent a problem in advance. And once you’ve locked in on a particular category, EXI enables you to find the root cause — with a granular breakdown of every type of issue in that category. Compare your experience to industry benchmarks EXI allows you to track the critical indicators of your employee experience — such as average issues per employee, time to resolution, and first-contact resolution rate — against real-world benchmarks. By spending just a few minutes of your week in EXI, you’ll develop a data-driven, expert perspective on how to create a workplace that’s truly world-class. Filter by department, cohort, and timeframe The ability to filter EXI by departments, groups, and timeframes is a game-changer. You can now determine which issues are slowing down your sales team, your new hires, or your remote employees, at any moment in time. These personas are created by ingesting identity tables from across your systems of record, enabling you to define custom cohorts. My job is to empower our digital workforce with the tools and technologies they need to perform at their best. With Moveworks' sophisticated NLU and Employee Experience Insights, we have meaningful and actionable data to turn thousands of requests into an efficient plan of action — and a best-in-class employee experience. Naveen Zutshi CIO, Databricks Guide We analyzed support issues from over 100 companies to help you benchmark your help desk’s performance. Get the guide Case Study Albemarle relies on Employee Experience Insights to find the most impactful opportunities to increase its productivity. See the case study Blog From “resolution rate” to “issue prevention,” these are the most important metrics to measure the ROI of your virtual agent. Read the blog Excited to try EXI? Request a demo
Hearst Needed Fast Support To Stay On Top. AI Delivered.  Moveworks Home Customers Hearst Hearst needed fast support to stay on top. Moveworks delivered. Hearst needed to speed up employee support to stay competitive. Moveworks stepped up, delivering instant IT and Finance support with AI. Hearst is a landmark media company that operates more thant 360 businesses, including Cosmopolitan, Billboard, and Esquire. Download the PDF 57 % Of support issues resolved autonomously Challenge Hearst’s long history of acquisitions created a complex IT environment, filled with dozens of disconnected systems that frustrated employees. Result Speeding up the support process — enabling employees to keep pace with an increasingly rapid news cycle. The Problem Hearst’s history of acquisitions created a complex IT environment 135 years ago, William Randolph Hearst launched what’s now one of the biggest global, diversified information, services, and media companies in the world. Today, Hearst is a behemoth of a company, and yet it has remained at the top of the diversified companies food chain decade after decade. How? Put simply: speed. For David Kaczerski, director of Hearst’s Global ServiceDesk, the top priority is ensuring that everyone has what they need to do their job the moment they need it. To withstand the test of time, Hearst has had to act like a startup and move faster than all of its competitors. That said, Hearst’s support environment is complex due to a long history of acquisitions. Each new organization added to the company’s portfolio brought dozens of disconnected systems that sometimes confused colleagues and frustrated the support agents who dealt with the same core issues over and over again. The Solution Moveworks offers Hearst a single interface for support In June 2020, Hearst launched its Moveworks bot, Herbie. Moveworks is an AI platform that can quickly resolve employee problems , no matter what the issue or where it’s submitted. When an employee spills water on their keyboard or doesn’t know how to properly submit an expense report, they can reach out to Herbie on either Microsoft Teams or Slack and get the help they need 24/7. Today, Herbie resolves 57% of all employee support requests in minutes. The result is that over 1,200 employee questions per month are answered instantly, saving the company tens of thousands of hours of productivity . As Hearst implements more Moveworks skills, such as routing issues to the correct assignment group with AI-powered triage , employees are more empowered to use self-service to solve their everyday issues, from IT to finance. In other words, as Herbie delivers more solutions, support teams can allocate more time to meaningful work — not busy work. The ROI of Moveworks is clear. We’ve saved hours and hours of time, decreased resolution times, improved productivity, and received considerable positive feedback from employees. With Herbie, we have a solution that removes bottlenecks Andrew Leach Continuous Service Improvement Manager The Result “The ROI of Moveworks is clear.” — Hearst For Hearst, success is all about adaptation. Hearst continues to thrive because it has adapted to the ever-changing landscape of the media industry. One of the company’s greatest strengths is that it still has a startup mentality. Innovative approaches to old problems are welcomed, not spurned. Embracing this mindset Kaczerski and his team were inspired to look out of the box when it came to reinventing the company’s support experience. Investing in tools like Moveworks has allowed Hearst to not only meet the needs of its core audience, but also transform its internal processes to meet the needs of the 2020s. “Whatever the world throws at us next,” Kaczerski said, “we’ll be able to take it on.” ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Hearst Answer every finance question in seconds Moveworks uses conversational AI to handle finance issues and policy questions — while you focus on the future. Learn more Cut your help desk support costs in half Moveworks solves thousands of support issues with AI, from provisioning PowerPoint to troubleshooting Zoom. Learn more Triage support tickets with AI AI tackles tickets that once took three days to remediate and handles them from start to finish in under a minute. Read the blog Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Moveworks Customer Agreement  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks Customer Agreement Last updated April 2023 Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Natural Language Is Hard: 5 Reasons Your Chatbot Isn't Working  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Natural language is hard: 5 reasons your chatbot isn't working Varun Singh, VP Product September 25, 2019 linkedin facebook twitter email Why is understanding natural language a hard problem? The ability to string a few words together to convey ideas is central to what makes humanity unique. In fact, our civilization wouldn't exist without natural language. For about 100,000 years, it has remained central to how we communicate our ideas and coordinate our actions. It’s part of what makes us human. However, we don't use words alone to express ideas, and they are never expressed in isolation. Time, place, our environment — these are all important signals we use to interpret the true meaning behind language. Furthermore, words and sentences are often inherently ambiguous, which is why we use conversation to more fully understand each other. This is why it is incredibly hard for machines to understand natural language. Language is complex, nuanced and can shift its meaning in different contexts. In short, language is: Inherently ambiguous Vast, versatile, and colloquial Dynamic Contextual Better understood with conversation context This presents some interesting challenges when building a machine learning powered Natural Language Understanding (NLU) system. Language is ambiguous A single word can have many possible meanings. At work, someone might try to add me to an email distribution list (DL), spelling my name correctly and providing what he thinks is the DL name, and still, ambiguity will remain. People are great at describing what they see, but not so good at saying things in a way that will help the listener understand quickly. In the IT ticketing world we focus on, we see this happen when employees file tickets that usually describe symptoms and only rarely describe the underlying issue in the way an IT specialist would phrase it. The way someone describes an issue rarely matches the title of the corresponding article As mentioned in the last blog , a good service desk agent draws on experience to grasp what the employee is talking about, but for a natural language understanding (NLU) system, this isn't so easy. Scripted rules are impractical. It would take hundreds of rules, for example, to match all the ways people ask to add a colleague to a list. An NLU system needs to operate more like a service desk agent, by ignoring irrelevant words (what we call “noise”), recognizing what entities the person is talking about, and identifying the person’s intent. Not every word in a request is important; NLU systems must detect the words that matter Language is vast, versatile, and colloquial Language is vast, and you’re only scratching the surface b y counting the 600,000 entries in the Oxford English Dictionary. Words can be assembled in many different ways, making it hard to predict which combination of words a person will put together to describe an issue. Keyword-based search struggles with the different meanings words take on, in context Our brains are built to handle the vast variety of words, quickly associating each word we read or hear with its probable meaning. If you hear the words “bank”, you can associate it with a few different meanings — a river bank, a bank where your deposit your salary, to “bank on” a person, and so on. To disambiguate the meaning, your brain quickly looks at the context of the word in the sentence, as well as the relation of the sentence to the overall context of what you’re doing and talking about. Now consider an NLU system that tries to find the meanings of words quickly. A hard-coded approach is slow, since it needs to test each word it reads against a list of words, looking for a match. A faster approach is to look for common patterns in what people say, and learn which words are likely to appear where in the pattern. IT requests have common patterns that can be understood with machine learning models that take sentence semantics into account. When we know the pattern, we know which word is likely to be someone’s name, and which is likely to be the name of a software package — even without looking up a dictionary. Language is dynamic New words appear frequently, and expressions change often. Unless you plan to hire an army of people to analyze and accommodate new expressions, you'll need a system that trains and re-trains its language understanding on its own. We’re already seeing consumer-facing systems that learn constantly, like the auto-completion for web search queries. An NLU system is more powerful in a focused setting like IT, where it can focus on the language patterns employees use there. But there’s a downside to machine learning in enterprise IT environments: not enough data. Machine learning requires huge amounts of data to deliver precise results. To learn, an enterprise NLU system needs creative approaches to finding enough data — or augmenting the data it has. Language is contextual No one likes to waste their time explaining — or listening to — every little detail, so language is built to convey ideas in a few words. We do this by being aware of context. When a colleague approaches me with a question, I count on my memory and senses for context: Who is she? What topics have we discussed recently? What’s her team working on now? A good NLU system uses context to clarify ambiguous questions and statements As people trained on years of having conversations, we draw on our senses and memory to get context effortlessly. When we try to create an NLU system to do this, we see it’s not effortless. Contextual cues that a person would pick up are not available to the NLU, unless we build a way to supply information like time, identity, and location. Language is conversational When we send a message to someone, we usually type just a few words because we know we can fall back on conversation to clear things up. If our friend wants more detail, she’ll just ask for it, conversationally. It turns out, basic conversational ability is hard to build in an NLU system. Think about our expectations when we chat with a friend. We’re thrown off if a reply strays from the thread, we hate to repeat what we’ve said, and we want just enough information in each reply. Too much, and we feel man-splained; too little, and we feel ignored. To build an NLU system that gives people a natural flow of conversation, we need a probabilistic approach. When talking with a friend, you’re never 100% certain what sort of response your friend is waiting for, so you choose the words you think are most likely to get your point across, right now. Machine learning-based systems are well suited to probabilistic problems like this. If a machine learning model has been trained on enough relevant data, it can accurately predict the right response in a situation. In an upcoming post, we’ll dive into useful techniques that can address this and the other hard problems that stand in the way of building a good NLU system. nlu language chatbot context conversational technology More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Automate your identity and access management tools   Moveworks Home Solutions Identity Access Management Secure access is now self-service Moveworks lets your employees solve their own identify and access management issues — with the world's most powerful IAM automation tool. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work Automatic access to everything your employees need — instantly and securely Your employees have everything they need. Don’t let access issues slow your team down. Help your employees stay productive by quickly giving them the tools they need to do their best work. Your IT team isn’t overrun with requests. Keep your IT team focused on high-impact work. Use AI to automate your IAM tools, solving everyday access requests instantly. Your systems stay secure. Make sure only the right people have access to the right systems. AI lets you automatically control access management at scale. 95 Of password resets are completely automated at Achieve 4.2K Account issues resolved every month with Moveworks at Verisk 145K Employee interactions with Moveworks bot at Palo Alto Networks Solve account issues in seconds Get ahead of impending issues by sending automated, actionable messages to notify employees of password resets and system updates. When a problem does come up, automatically resolve lockouts in minutes to help your users stay productive. Prevent account lockouts Provide instant account access Reset passwords automatically Make access management effortless Granting or revoking access should be as simple as sending a message. Moveworks lets you add or remove users from groups or technologies across your organization, automatically. Group management App management License management Keep your company safe An organization's biggest vulnerability is its employees. Make sure only the right people have the right level of access at all times with comprehensive audit trails. Admin review and approvals Privileged access management Comprehensive audit logs Freedom Financial completely automated 95% of password resets Freedom Financial’s employees have the ability to reset passwords, get new software, and add themselves to mailing lists — directly from a simple, intuitive chat interface powered by natural language understanding. Learn from the best Challenge Inability to resolve routine IT issues like password resets without involving help desk Result Automatically resolves routine tech issues, including 95% of all password resets "Our number one issue was account lockouts. Now, I can’t remember the last time an account issue was resolved by hand. Moveworks is easily the best business decision I’ve made.” David Lewis AVP of Compute Services, Verisk Latest from Moveworks Datasheet Moveworks constantly improves over time — without you having to do anything. Learn how Blog Transform your business immediately with these 13 use cases. Read the blog Web More than 100 deep learning models power the Moveworks platform. Look under the hood See Moveworks in action Request a demo Support every team with conversational AI Explore our product
Legal  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Processing Addendum Moveworks Customer Agreement Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Vendr  Save time and money buying SaaS No items found. Platform Overview Intake-to-procure Supplier relationship management Integrations Negotiation services Vendr+ Data Buyer guides Community insights Pricing Customers Resources Resources Blog The latest industry news, updates and info. Guides & Templates Get up and running on new guides and techniques. Events & Webinars Attend upcoming events online or in-person. New and Popular Why prices are still going up when companies are spending less "Discover why software prices surge despite reduced spending. Read post The Rise of Tech Consolidation and Prioritization Take a deeper look into the shift toward more efficient purchasing practices Get details Q2 2023 SaaS Trends Report Discover the latest SaaS trends shaping the industry. Get the Report Life at Vendr About us Careers Weâre hiring! Legal Start Saving Login Start Saving Save on SaaS. Create procurement magic. Drive down SaaS costs, delight your stakeholders, and procure faster. Start Saving How it works Built to handle all business spend, optimized for SaaS. The SaaS Buying Platform designed to help you save, powered by data. Platform Overview 01 // 04 Buyer guides. Harness the power of our platform for instant access to data and insights, eliminating surprises and 'gotcha' moments. More transparency, better outcomes. Learn more 02 // 04 Community insights. Leverage negotiation advice and exclusive intelligence from procurement experts. Access the art of the possible, for every negotiation. Learn more 03 // 04 Vendor management. Manage software purchases, spending, and compliance. All in a centralized platform. Learn more 04 // 04 Process automation. Orchestrate a compliant process and put approvals on autopilot with fully customizable intake-to-procure workflows. Learn more Drive clarity across your SaaS stack to deliver savings. Get the Fair Market Value for every SaaS purchase to validate your spend. Access pricing benchmarks. Partner with savings experts. And buy with confidence, with a savings guarantee. Speed up intake-to- procure by 3x. Automate approval workflows forÂ finance, legal, and security. Delight your stakeholders with speed and transparency.Â Consolidate your stackÂ to save. Centralize your purchases, renewals, and spend data in one system. Make informed decisions and eliminate unnecessary costs. $ 368871996 $ 8 8 8 8 8 8 , 8 8 8 8 8 8 , 8 8 8 8 8 8 $368M saved by Vendr customers. Finance and procurement teams are guaranteed savings and ROI when they purchase through Vendr. Processed Spend $3B Average Savings 20% Average ROI 8X âWorking with Vendr has provided $4.2M in savings.â Erik Zhou CAO âWe're not just using Vendr for negotiations. It's become our procurement management tool for all our purchases.â Tessa Hamilton IT Helpdesk Manager âOur savings numbers and ROI with Vendr speak for themselves.â Steve Isom CFO How about 25% cash back on SaaS purchases? All companies buy SaaS. We created the best customer rewards program to maximize savings and satisfaction for SaaS purchases. Up to 25% cash back. Vendr+ Discover the secret ingredients to successful SaaS negotiations with Community Insights Vendr's Community Insights links you with people who have recently bought SaaS, enabling the sharing of negotiation strategies, price comparisons, and tips for quickly obtaining the best product. Read More Introducing The SaaS Trends Report Get timely insights on the state of the software market with Vendr's SaaS Trends Buying Report for Q1 2023. Read More Slash your costs. Reclaim your time. Talk to a Vendr Expert Talk to a Vendr Expert
Legends of Employee Experience  Moveworks Become an employee experience expert. Hybrid work. Artificial intelligence. The Great Resignation. Supporting your employees has never been harder, and most companies are falling behind. In this series, legendary leaders reveal the technologies and techniques you need to stay ahead of the curve — and build the perfect workplace. Ready to steal their secrets? Scale up your vision: How this leader helped 36 employees become CIOs Episode 04  Patrick Thompson, Chief Information & Digital Transformation Officer at Albemarle Watch Recent Episodes How to Fight Burnout with Automation Episode 02  Jim Noga, CIO at Mass General Brigham According to Deloitte, 77% of your employees feel burnt out. Jim Noga, CIO at Mass General Brigham, has spent 30 years figuring out how to tackle this issue. Listen for Jim’s tips on how he uses technology to keep employees engaged at work. How you can turn 'too many ideas' into a few successful projects Episode 03  Nelm Khangura, VP of Store and Colleague Solutions at Loblaw Working cross-functionally with so many different departments means a lot of input and ideas. What you need to do is sift through them to find the most meaningful initiatives. In this episode, Nelm Khangura, VP of Store and Colleague Solutions at Loblaw, shares her approach to the “idea funnel” — how she takes projects from idea to impact. Subscribe to get next month’s episode Get the latest episode in your inbox. Enter email  Got it! You'll be notified when new episodes are published. Privacy Policy
Moveworks Status Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . All Systems Operational Enterprise Messaging Integrations ? Health of the messaging platforms where Moveworks bots are deployed Operational Microsoft Teams ? Based on latest updates from Microsoft (https://portal.office.com/servicestatus) Operational Moveworks for Web ? Moveworks bots integrated within web portals (e.g. ServiceNow, Sharepoint) Operational Cisco Webex Teams ? Based on latest updates from Webex status page (https://status.webex.com/) Operational Google Chat ? Based on latest updates from Google apps status (https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard) Operational Slack Messaging ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Apps/Integrations/APIs ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Notifications ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Connections ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Access Skills Operational Account Access ? Managing password resets/updates, account lockouts, and MFA resets through the bot Operational Group Access ? Managing distribution list creations and additions through the bot Operational Software Access ? Provisioning access to software applications through the bot Operational Smart Forms ? Finding forms from your service catalog and submitting them through the bot Operational Enterprise Approvals ? Notifying approvers and allow them to take action on approvals from your enterprise systems Operational Answers ? Answers from knowledge base articles, FAQs, and public sources powered by Semantic Search Operational Concierge ? Creating tickets, adding comments, and getting status updates through the bot Operational Triage ? Routing support requests to the right experts using machine-learning predictions Operational Lookups ? People &amp; Places lookups Operational Message API ? Connects to enterprise tools &amp; data and sends messages to users natively through the bot Operational Business Queries ? Allows users to look up information from your business systems Operational Employee Experience Insights Operational Multilingual Support (MLS) Operational Creator Studio Operational Paths Workspace Operational Queries Workspace Operational Events Workspace Operational Control Center Operational Employee Communications ? Sending targeted communications to employees at scale Operational Performance Insights ? Dashboards to help you visualize every aspect of your AI deployment Operational Channel Resolver Operational Operational Degraded Performance Partial Outage Major Outage Maintenance Past Incidents Sep 30 , 2023 No incidents reported today. Sep 29 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 28 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 27 , 2023 Ticket processing degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Sep 27 , 17:18 UTC Monitoring - We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Sep 27 , 16:53 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Sep 27 , 16:25 UTC Sep 26 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 25 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 24 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 23 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 22 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 21 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 20 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 19 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 18 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 17 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 16 , 2023 Employee Communications degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Sep 16 , 01:41 UTC Monitoring - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Sep 15 , 21:44 UTC Update - A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Sep 15 , 20:12 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Sep 15 , 17:59 UTC ← Incident History Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Group Access: Easy Distribution List Management  Moveworks Groups Access Let users create, add to, and edit distribution lists – just by chatting with Moveworks. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere Home Product Groups Access Provide a seamless experience for your users. The best UI is through your own natural language. It doesn’t matter how your users phrase their questions – whether it’s generic like “edit a list” or hyper-specific like “Please remove Marc Thompson from the sales@acme.ai email distribution list” – Moveworks can understand their underlying intent. Ensure your approvals workflows are honored. Whether it’s creating a new list, adding themselves or others, or removing themselves or others, Moveworks incorporates your existing group access configuration and allows you to modify them. Automate the last mile & maintain compliance. Moveworks is integrated with your source of truth email systems and provides access to users by automatically updating the group. To keep a clear audit trail, Moveworks logs every interaction in your ITSM. Features Groups Access comes packed with features, acting as the conversational layer between users and distribution list management. Generic request disambiguation Fuzzy match Approval workflows Approval notifications Removal notifications Generic request disambiguation If the user doesn’t specify which group, Moveworks provides options through chat-modal forms and lets the user decide. Fuzzy match The user can respond in natural language, without needing to click any buttons or copy the exact text of the DL, and Moveworks still understands. Approval workflows Configure logic related to an employee’s role (e.g. “is manager”), an existing group member, and group owner, automatic provisioning without approvals, and more for each list. Approval Notifications Based on your configured approvals workflows, the correct approver will automatically get notifications with the right level of detail to approve or deny the request in chat. Removal notifications Users who get removed from a distribution list from someone else automatically receive notifications in chat. From accessing software to resetting MFA credentials, 1.Bot means we don't have to have service desk agents working on these requests. Moveworks allows my team to pursue new opportunities and projects that wouldn't have been possible before. And for employees, the time savings are tremendous. Stanley Toh Head of End-User Services & Experience Level up DL management with AI Guide We analyzed support issues from over 100 companies to help you benchmark your help desk’s performance. Get the guide Guide Find out why so many companies are using automation to up-level their service desks. Learn why Blog From “resolution rate” to “issue prevention,” these are the most important metrics to measure the ROI of your virtual agent. Read the blog Excited to try Groups Access? Request a demo
Moveworks Status - Incident History Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . Incident History ← Current Status Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Answers: Employee Questions Answered Instantly  Moveworks Answers Searching information from documents in your business has never been easier, with conversational AI that knows your company as well as you do. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere Home Product Answers Provide a Google-like search experience Centralize hundreds of your documents within Moveworks, so users can search any snippet of information buried across different applications and systems in one place – maximizing their productivity. Deliver endless value that’s always up-to-date. Moveworks Enterprise Cache™ is constantly ingesting documents across your systems and hundreds of public knowledge sources in real-time. By analyzing knowledge gaps with ML, you’ll receive recommendations on what to create & update. Ensure personalized and secure responses. By ingesting platform permissions from ACL tables, Moveworks will always provide information that users are permitted to view, along with personalized responses based on user and conversational context. Popular Use Cases Users can look up information that personalized, public, and permissioned. Below are some of the most popular ways customers have leveraged Queries today IT troubleshooting How-to questions Security/compliance questions Benefits inquiries Payroll information Tax information HRIS questions New hire onboarding Employment verification letter Vacation policy inquiries Expense policy questions Compensation questions M&A related FAQs NDA policy questions Deal process questions Contract inquiries Termination inquiries Legal document questions …and more! Features Answers comes packed with features, acting as the conversational layer between users and enterprise documents. Prioritized answers Additional answers External answers Multilingual answers Profile boosting Knowledge recommendations Snippetization & ingestion Prioritized answers Shows a single high-precision answer whenever a specific question is asked, providing a decluttered experience. Additional answers Displays a set of relevant articles if the question is ambiguously described, and engages them to ask more specific questions or explore. External answers Automatically ingests and surfaces external support articles directly from trusted vendors, saving your team from writing net-new knowledge. Multilingual answers Translates snippets shown to end-users on-the-fly to provide a more personalized experience without your team having to translate documents to every employee’s language. Profile boosting Prioritizes content based on geo-tags found on the user profile or query for a more personalized, secure experience. Knowledge recommendations Searches across Moveworks customer base to find articles that answer gaps that your enterprise knowledge doesn’t, and generates priority recommendations on what to create based on impact. Snippetization & ingestion Segments documents into snippets automatically with machine learning, so users get the precise answer that they’re looking for without wasting time reading a full article. Ingests new snippets in real-time. Moveworks is the core of our digital workplace, since it lets employees access support for the broader tech stack with a single search... Our job is about using technology to empower and improve the employee experience — whether they need IT support or HR help or more. That's what we've achieved with Moveworks. Steve Phillpott CIO and CDO Level up knowledge search with AI Guide We analyzed support issues from over 100 companies to help you benchmark your help desk’s performance. Get the guide Press Release See how Solidigm’s CIO discusses how Moveworks lets employees access their broader tech stack with a single search. See the case study Blog From “resolution rate” to “issue prevention,” these are the most important metrics to measure the ROI of your virtual agent. Read the blog Excited to try Answers? Request a demo
Moveworks Privacy Policy Policies Our Privacy Policy Welcome to the web site (the “Site”) of Moveworks, Inc. (“Moveworks”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). The Site is operated by Moveworks and provides information about our company and our conversation-based, issue resolution product and related service (the “Service”) to our Site visitors (“you”, “your”). This Privacy Policy sets forth Moveworks’ policy with respect to personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) and other information that we collect from visitors to the Site and users of the Service. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site, and, to the extent not superseded by our customer’s privacy policies, to the Service. Information We Collect When you interact with the Moveworks Site or Service, we collect Personal Data and other information from you. If your organization uses the Service, we collect your personal information about you from your organization's identity and access management system (“Organizational Directory”). Personal Data You Provide Through the Site and Service We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Site, or use the Service. Wherever Moveworks collects Personal Data through the Site, we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy. By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are giving Moveworks consent to use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to us, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of Moveworks and Moveworks’ authorized third parties located in the United States. Personal Data We Collect From Your Organization If your organization uses the Service, Moveworks collects personal information about you from your Organizational Directory, such as Active Directory or Okta, including your name, your organizational email address, your organizational telephone number, and Organizational Directory information about you. Personal Data We Collect From Other Sources We may collect personal information about you from other sources including third parties from whom we purchase Personal Data from publicly available information. These may include your name, business email address, business telephone number, job title and department, company name, business related postal address, and social networking URLs. We may combine information you provide with data we collect from third parties. We use this information to create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you. Other Information We Collect Usage Data We collect information when you use the Service, including actions you take in the Service and the messaging conversations you have with the Service. This helps us improve the performance of our machine learning models and make your experience better. Non-Identifiable Data When you interact with Moveworks through the Site or Service, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. Moveworks may store such information and include it in databases owned and maintained by Moveworks affiliates, agents or service providers. As an example, we may use such information and pool it with other information to track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. No Personal Data is made available or used in this process. In operating the Site, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Site gives to your browser when you access the Site. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Site without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission. Most web browsers give you the ability to manage cookies to suit you. Please refer to your browser’s Help section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site features. Aggregated Personal Data In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Service, Moveworks often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Moveworks may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Moveworks may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Service to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. Location Information We may collect and use your location information (for example, by using the GPS on your mobile device) to provide certain functionality of our Site or Service. We may also use your location information in an aggregate way, as described above in the “Aggregated Personal Data” section. Analytics and Tracking Technologies We may, and we may allow Third Party Providers to, use cookies (as noted above) or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site and enhance your experience when you use the Site. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Privacy Policy. Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information Moveworks uses Personal Data in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data for that reason only. For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Site or Service, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. Moveworks and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Related Companies”) may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site to help us improve the content and functionality of the Service, to better understand our users and to improve the Service. Moveworks and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each marketing communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future marketing communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below. If Moveworks intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected. Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information Moveworks is not in the business of selling your information. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below: Business Transfers As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. Related Companies We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Your Employer If you are using the Service in connection with your role as an employee or contractor of a company or other legal entity, we may share your information with such entity. Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties Moveworks, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function and we are liable to you for any onward transfers of Personal Data made by those other companies to their subcontractors and third-party agents. Legal Requirements Moveworks may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Moveworks, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability. Exclusions This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Moveworks other than Personal Data collected through the Site and Service. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Moveworks through the Service or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Service, such as forums, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Moveworks shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. Children The Moveworks Service is not intended for use by people younger than 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site or Service. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Moveworks through the Site or Service, please contact us at privacy@moveworks.com , and we will delete that information from our databases. Links to Other Websites This Privacy Policy applies only to the Moveworks’ Site and Service. They may contain links to other web sites or services not operated or controlled by Moveworks (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Service do not imply that Moveworks endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. Security Keeping your data secure is important. Moveworks follows current industry standards to protect your Personal Data while that data is in transit and at rest in our data storage. We take reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site and Service from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. No network or email transmission is fully secure or guaranteed to be error free. In particular, email sent to or from the Site or Service may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing Personal Data to Moveworks. If you have questions about the security of our Service, please contact us at security@moveworks.com . Your Choices We strive to offer you choices over your Personal Data. These include: Cookies - You can opt-out of user analytics tracking by disabling cookies or preventing your browser or device from accepting new cookies. Marketing Communication - If you do not wish to receive targeted marketing communication from Moveworks, our marketing emails permit you to opt-out of receiving further marketing emails. Service  - If your employer is a customer of Moveworks, your employer may have provided your Personal Data to Moveworks under the terms of a written agreement that obliges Moveworks to only use your Personal Data to provide services to your employer.  Moveworks has agreed to abide by your employer’s privacy policy with respect to any Personal Data it receives in this manner.  If you wish not to provide any Personal Data to Moveworks, you should consult with your employer to have your Personal Data removed from the information your employer provides to Moveworks. Unless you provide us consent, Moveworks will not share your Personal Data with third parties for any purpose that is materially different from providing the Moveworks service. Your Rights Individuals located in certain regions, including the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and California, United States have certain rights in relation to their personal data, subject to local protection laws. European Union and United Kingdom Residents - If you are based in the European Union or the United Kingdom, you may have the right to ask us to: Confirm whether or not your Personal Data is being processed; Provide you with details about how we process your Personal Data; Correct or delete Personal Data which we hold about you; Consider your valid objection to the processing of your Personal Data (including the right to object to processing on grounds relating to your particular situation where we are relying on our legitimate interests as a legal basis for processing your Personal Data); Restrict our processing of your Personal Data; Consider your valid request to transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible; and Ask us to withdraw your previous consent if you have previously provided us with consent to process your Personal Data and we rely on it as our legal basis for processing. California Residents - As a California resident, you have the right to: Request notice about our collection and processing of your personal information; Know what specific pieces of your personal information we collected and retained over the last 12 months; Access and deletion of your certain personal information we collected over the last 12 months; Opt out of “sale” of your personal information as defined under California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA); Know whether personal information is shared; Request notice regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes; and Not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. Some California laws also may define “personal information” differently from this policy. You may designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Under California law, we are required to respond to only one request per California Consumer per year. If you wish to exercise any of the above rights or have questions about them, please contact us at privacy@moveworks.com . We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account. International Data Transfers Moveworks may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live. We utilize the following safeguards for transferring Personal Data from jurisdiction with differing data protection laws: European Union Model Clauses - Moveworks offers European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses, as an alternate mechanism for Personal Data transfer as approved by European Commission or other applicable regulator. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield - Although the EU-US and Swiss Privacy Shield framework has been ruled invalid for the transfer of personal data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, Moveworks will continue to comply with the EU-U.S.and Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield Frameworks and applicable EU law. Moveworks has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data listed above. You can find Moveworks' Privacy Shield certification here . You can also learn more about Privacy Shield at https://www.privacyshield.gov . In compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield principles, Moveworks is committed to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Residents of the EU or Switzerland who have questions about our Privacy Shield policy can contact Moveworks at privacy@moveworks.com . Moveworks is subject to the oversight of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and leverages JAMS (a US-based independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about our Privacy Shield compliance) to resolve any escalated privacy dispute. JAMS has committed to respond to complaints and provide appropriate resources at no cost to you. If you aren’t satisfied with Moveworks’ response, please contact JAMS at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield . In the event your concern still isn’t addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles. Moveworks has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning data and human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship. Changes to the Moveworks Privacy Policy The Site, our Service, and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Moveworks to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Moveworks reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site or Service after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. How to Contact Us We strive to keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete. If you feel that our copy of your Personal Data is inaccurate, please contact us at privacy@moveworks.com , and we will take reasonable steps to update or correct the data in our possession that you have previously submitted to us. If you have questions about Moveworks security, our Privacy Policy, or our information practices, please contact us at security@moveworks.com or privacy@moveworks.com .
About Us  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection About Moveworks Moveworks is your generative copilot for work. Employees have one secure conversational interface to take action, search for information, query data, receive notifications, and create content across hundreds of enterprise applications. Brands like Broadcom, Docusign, Databricks, and Palo Alto Networks use Moveworks' GPT-class models, AI-powered analytics, developer tools for custom use cases, and hundreds of integrations to bring conversational automation to all aspects of their business Platform Our platform uses advanced conversational AI in three powerful ways. First, it understands exactly what employees need, no matter how they ask. Next, it handles the natural flow of conversation without following a script. Finally, it integrates with your entire tech stack meaning it delivers the most relevant solution — automatically, with zero maintenance from your team. Platform page Moveworks named in the forbes cloud 100 Customers We partner with the world’s most innovative companies. Learn how Palo Alto Networks, Slack, Wellstar, LoanDepot, and more receive tangible ROI with Moveworks. Meet our customers Our people Our award-winning culture gives you the trust and resources to do the best work of your career. Join us Our founders Bhavin Shah Co-founder & CEO expand Bhavin Shah is the CEO and Co-Founder of Moveworks. He is a serial entrepreneur with two decades of experience taking companies from inception to scale and from private to public. Prior to Moveworks, he was CEO of Refresh.io , which LinkedIn acquired in 2015. Shah has a Master’s degree in Education, Technology, and Business from Stanford University and a B.S. in Computer Science from the University of California, San Diego. Vaibhav Nivargi Co-founder & CTO expand Vaibhav Nivargi is the CTO and Co-Founder of Moveworks, where he leads the engineering organization. Prior to Moveworks, Nivargi founded ClearStory Data, a big data and analytics company, and was also one of the early engineers at Aster Data, a pioneering big data company acquired in 2011. Nivargi has a Master’s degree in Computer Science from Stanford University. Varun Singh Co-founder & President expand Varun Singh is Vice President of Product and Co-Founder of Moveworks. Prior to Moveworks, Singh was Lead Product Manager at Facebook, where he built enterprise software that helped Facebook scale through a combination of data, machine learning, and chatbots. Singh has a Ph.D. in Engineering and Design Optimization from the University of Maryland, College Park, and a Master’s degree in Engineering and Applied Mathematics from UCLA. Jiang Chen Co-founder & CTO, AI expand Jiang Chen is Vice President of Machine Learning and Co-Founder of Moveworks. With more than a decade of experience in engineering leadership roles at Google, Airbnb, and Yahoo!, Chen has built breakthrough information retrieval systems, which leverage machine learning to provide optimized search results to billions of users. Chen holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Yale University. Our investors More about Moveworks Blog Get the latest actionable insights on employee support, cost reduction, and the future of conversational AI. Moveworks Blog Press Explore external coverage, and press releases related to Moveworks news and announcements Newsroom Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Turn onboarding into an unforgettable experience with Al  Moveworks Home Solutions Employee Onboarding Make onboarding easy with the only AI that speaks HR AI-powered onboarding ensures new hires have everything they need to succeed in their role on day one. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work The best onboarding keeps new hires engaged Meet new hires on their terms. Moveworks helps your users across every channel to guarantee consistent, personalized, and secure support. Employees always get relevant, accurate solutions no matter how they choose to ask for help. Onboard new hires at scale. Moveworks can automatically answer the hundreds of questions that come up in the first months of work — without involving support teams. This immediate help encourages employees to start using the bot from day one. Improve onboarding with actionable data. Moveworks Performance Insights Dashboards provide real time data to quickly identify onboarding gaps. When you know what employees are asking for in their first week, you have what you need to better address new hires’ need to be productive. 89 Employee adoption of Moveworks AI at DocuSign 145K Employee interactions with Moveworks’ bot at Palo Alto Networks 91 Employee satisfaction with Moveworks at Unity Engage new hires proactively with AI A new hire has a million things to do: enrolling in benefits, requesting the right hardware, and figuring out the VPN. Send a targeted onboarding checklist with Moveworks for Employee Communications to make your new hires feel welcome and prepared to do the best work of their careers. Give your people the access they need — on day one With Moveworks, new hires get the information they need in seconds — all they have to do is ask. Even when employees have sensitive questions for HR, Moveworks routes them to the right specialist automatically, ensuring that everyone gets solutions as quickly as possible. Customize onboarding across locations and languages The best onboarding is personalized. But even for the most diligent HR professional,  it’s a challenge  to support new hires working in different time zones, speaking different languages, and living in different countries. Moveworks provides a customized onboarding experience with AI that knows every employee’s title, department, function, preferences, and seniority. “The bot is absolutely essential. New employees have to be productive in their first week and fast onboarding is the key. That’s what Moveworks gives us.” Russ Harris VP Operations, AppDynamics Latest from Moveworks Blog Find out how Moveworks uses its own AI to give new hires the best onboarding experience. Get tips Datasheet Deliver a tailored message that inspires action to each employee. Download the datasheet Web Learn why HR teams are turning to conversational AI to help them focus on their people. Up-level HR with AI Help your new hires have the best first day Request a demo
Create an AI-powered knowledge base  Moveworks Home Solutions Knowledge Management Answer every question — automatically Whenever your employee asks a question, Moveworks finds the most relevant information in your knowledge base to deliver a personalized answer. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work Instant, personalized access to the right knowledge base for every employee Reduce the tickets sent to your help desk. Give your employees the right answer, instantly — without making them file a ticket. Moveworks intelligently surfaces the most relevant answers and articles from anywhere in your knowledge base. Find and fill gaps in your knowledge base. Make sure you know the most common issues slowing down your team. Our AI identifies opportunities for new articles. That way, your help desk can focus on creating the most impactful content. Increase the ROI of your existing systems. Bring together all your forms, knowledge articles, and FAQs to one place. The Moveworks platform integrates with your systems to automatically deliver the right resources to your employees every time. 4K Knowledge articles surfaced through Moveworks at Broadcom 7sec Average time for Moveworks to solve a support issue at Nutanix 96 Of employees at Verisk helped by Moveworks Identify which articles to prioritize For organizations looking to build a self-service experience, understanding information gaps is critical. Moveworks helps your business uncover and understand key knowledge gaps, so your technical writers can fill them in. Identify trends in questions Uncover gaps in knowledge Prioritize knowledge to write Access knowledge from anywhere Constantly updating caches within service portals or bots is a huge waste of time and resources. When your team updates a knowledge article, Moveworks automatically ingests the latest information. That means, your team is always getting the most up-to-date answer without any added effort from your team. Surface updated knowledge Integrate across knowledge bases Work in the knowledge base of your choice Provide the best search experience Finding the right answers should be easy for every employee. When your employee asks our AI chatbot a question, Moveworks searches through every article, provides personalized snippets of relevant information, and links to the full article. Google-like search experience Personalized answers based on profile Provide multiple options to ensure the best answer Broadcom surfaces over 4,000 knowledge articles to its employees By integrating scattered knowledge bases with AI, Broadcom’s employees can help themselves. Learn from the best Challenge Integrating new systems into an existing IT environment Result Able to resolve 57% of all tech issues in under a minute AI gives us a huge advantage. Moveworks can consume all of our knowledge and deliver it. We now provide a simplified experience for employees that’s available anytime, anywhere Prakash Kota CIO, Autodesk Latest from Moveworks Guide We figured out the only thing you need to up-level your help desk. Now we're telling you. Find out more Guide Everything you need to know about knowledge-centered service. Read the guide Video Broadcom explains how Moveworks transformed its knowledge base. Watch the video See Moveworks in action Request a demo Support every team with conversational AI Explore our product
Events  Overview Documentation Developer Academy Support Login Nothing Found Documentation Developer Academy Support Login Creator Studio Access Creator Studio Journey Preparation Scoping Tools Purple Chat Builder Mocking Best Practices Design Patterns Idea Library Reference Architectures Access Control Trust Support Paths Overview Worksheet Quickstart Workspace Deepdive Expert Emulation Generative Intents Question Configurations Solution Options Conversation Display Troubleshooting PurpleHire Queries Overview Worksheet Quickstart Workspace Deepdive Smart Extraction Response Synthesis Generative Intents Troubleshooting PurpleCRM Events Overview Worksheet Quickstart API Reference Workspace Deepdive Key Management Event Management Rate Limiting Message Delivery Designing for Chat Connect an Event-triggered Path Disable Events Greeting Messages Dynamic Flow Troubleshooting General Connector Configuration API Configuration Launch Management Filter Users Deletion Version Control Creator Studio Demo Functions Analytics Overview Paths Queries Events Quick Tools Purple Chat Builder Message Tester PurpleHire PurpleCRM API Mocking Last updated 22 minutes ago Overview Events lets you send proactive, actionable messages from your business systems to your employees through your Moveworks bot. You send your messages to Events from your source business systems to our REST API . Idea Library Check out the Idea Library for more examples of what an Event can look like! Integrate in seconds. Stop fighting rate limits & reading abstract chat protocol documentation. Our API is simple & powerful, supporting thousands of messages a minute with a simple, familiar syntax . Get adoption on day one. Our Moveworks bot comes packed with adoption strategies out-of-the-box . Your users already know and love how they interact with Moveworks bots. Furthermore, every Path , Query , Form, and Answer is there to help with any follow-ups using Dynamic Flow . Simplify multi-channel messaging. Some departments are on Slack, some departments are on Teams, some departments only use intranet portals & emails. Moveworks simplifies multi-channel messaging to reach users in their preferred chat platform. You spend more time on your events, and less time on swizzling IDs and emails. Getting Started Got a use case in mind? Make sure you're ready to build by following our Events Worksheet . Want to just build? Follow our Quickstart to send your first Event in seconds. Additional Tools for Success Some common tools recommended by our existing customers & technology partners include: You do not need the following tools to get started, but they may make your implementation easier. iPaaS Platforms : iPaaS Platforms act as a Workflow tool to help you set scheduled jobs, manipulate text & data across multiple APIs, and draft messages. Power Automate Workato Zapier Learn More 🚧 Manage your Events with Event Settings . Provision production API Keys and OAuth 2.0 Credentials with Key Management 🚧 Track and measure the usage, engagement, and health of your Events with our Analytics & Insights Learn how to trigger powerful automations with Smart Links Render richer content with iFraming Merge seamlessly with our Dynamic Flow On this page Integrate in seconds. Get adoption on day one. Simplify multi-channel messaging. Getting Started Learn More Next to Worksheet
Vituity Helps Physicians With Proactive IT Support  Moveworks Home Customers Vituity Vituity speeds up patient care with proactive IT support With AI-powered employee communications, Vituity transitioned from reactive IT support to proactive IT support. Serving more than 6.5 million patients each year, Vituity is one of the largest acute care providers in the United States. Download the PDF 40 % Of L1 help desk agents freed up for higher priorities Challenge Disruptive issues sidetrack physicians from providing care Result Transformed IT support strategy with the ability to send proactive messages on Teams The Problem Vituity’s focus: stopping problems before they happen Now more than ever, the healthcare sector is tasked with delivering high-quality care, the moment it’s needed, at enormous scale. As one of the largest acute care providers in the United States, Vituity is committed to meeting that standard for the 6.5 million patients it serves each year. A partnership of nearly 5,000 physicians leads and owns Vituity, all of whom depend on advanced technology to combat a global health crisis such as COVID-19. This reliance on technology means that supporting patients and supporting physicians are deeply related challenges, because when something breaks, both patients and physicians are left waiting for help. Vituity’s CIO Amith Nair realized that automation had become a necessity to eliminate disruptions for physicians — in real time. The Solution Automating IT support with Otto In April 2020, Vituity deployed the Moveworks bot, which its physicians know as Otto. Otto is an AI-powered chatbot that lives on Microsoft Teams , Vituity’s messaging platform. The bot has completely transformed how physicians get help: Rather than waiting days, they now get answers in seconds. Crucially, Otto doesn’t just understand what users need; it automates every step of the support process. Powered by the Moveworks Intelligence Engine™ , Otto deeply understands physicians’ requests, maps them to solutions across Vituity’s entire digital infrastructure, and delivers just the relevant snippet. And because it’s learned the company’s unique org chart, every answer is personalized according to the user’s role, location, and security permissions. By making it possible for employees to solve their own IT problems proactively and quickly resolve any issues that do arise, Vituity is empowered to exceed their employees' expectations. This is personal to me: Healthcare needs serious tech disruption. COVID-19 made us realize that we couldn’t help the patients who need us without fixing our own systems and processes. Amith Nair CIO The Result Proactive IT support, powered by comms One challenge for any distributed workforce is communicating change from afar. Like many other organizations, Vituity’s previous approach to communication was mass email, a format that struggled to keep the entire organization on the same page: “Most company comms today are sent in emails,” said Nair. “Guess what: No one reads emails! That’s why we’re shifting most of our comms strategy to using Moveworks over chat. It’s about making sure our messages go to the right people on the right platform, so they actually get read.” Now with Moveworks for Employee Communications , Vituity’s leaders can send targeted, interactive messages that are the opposite of mass emails. The bot automatically sends messages to the relevant users on Microsoft Teams, handles follow-up questions, and reports on engagement in real time. This ability to send targeted messages means preventing issues before they happen, freeing up both physicians and support teams for high-value work. The ideal future for Nair is making Otto the single point of contact for any issue, employee, or partner. “Automation and AI are at the core of our support strategy,” said Amith. “Ultimately, where we’re headed is that Otto can solve every issue for every employee.” ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Moveworks Send messages that inspire action Make change happen with targeted communications that drive action. Learn more Tailor-made tech support with AI Service desks depend on personalization to manage complex IT environments. Read the blog Moveworks for Employee Comms Send personalized messages at scale, preventing support issues before they happen. Read the blog Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
The complete guide to knowledge-centered service  Moveworks The Complete Guide to Knowledge Centered Service IT leaders want to provide fast, comprehensive support to their employees. To do that, they need powerful knowledge resources — and the means to track their effectiveness. In fact, we know that the best knowledge centered services are also the most organized and actionable. But this presents a challenge: Agents struggle with knowledge management because it's hard to write, maintain, and track within the enterprise. So, how can we make sure our knowledge centered services are actually creating an impact? Keep reading to find out. This guide will provide a comprehensive look into what knowledge centered service is, the benefits and challenges of providing it, and how you can incorporate it into your organization. What does knowledge centered service (KCS) mean? Organizations use knowledge centered service to gain visibility into every aspect of the knowledge support environment within their business. By managing, distributing, and tracking knowledge across the whole enterprise, leaders can more quickly resolve employees' problems — and in many cases, prevent incidents from happening before they arise. In action, this looks like detailed documentation, knowledge sharing, and data-driven insights into how knowledge actually gets used. What's the difference between knowledge centered service and knowledge centered support? Until recently, the more commonly used term was knowledge centered support. The focus of this process was always to offer the best customer and employee support, while also creating and maintaining documentation. Knowledge centered service was adopted to expand the focus from simply offering support to improving every aspect of the ITSM. 3 Benefits of providing knowledge centered service There are many reasons why KCS is the dominant way to run your help desk, but an overarching theme emerges time and time again: This system can scale your help desk even with limited resources. These three value-adds can help you do just that. 1. Reduce time to resolution by encouraging self-service When implemented correctly, KCS can encourage your employees to self-serve when issues arise. Over time, your organization will have built up a library of knowledge articles, filled to the brim with solutions. And yet, your agents may find themselves answering the same questions time and time again. KCS can enable employees to search for and find their own answers — dramatically reducing time to resolution. 2. Free up agent time to focus on strategy work Initially, KCS adoption requires some investment of time, but the time-saving potential of KCS in the post-adoption stage has a monumental impact in the long run. Building a service desk around knowledge will free your help desk agents from having to answer the same set of questions day after day. Instead, as they document solutions, other agents will be able to jump in and reference their approach — saving time and energy for everyone. When KCS is implemented successfully, employee retention and satisfaction can increase dramatically. Employees get solutions faster — and often by themselves. Agents get to turn their attention to strategic work. It's a win-win. 3. Decrease cost-per-ticket As KCS both reduces the overall tickets by enabling self-service and the amount of time and effort each agent spends on resolving a ticket, this method can substantially cut your cost-per-ticket. 3 Challenges of providing knowledge centered service We've discussed some ways KCS can deliver tangible benefits to organizations — even with limited resources. However, successful implementation introduces some challenges too. 1. 75% of all articles don't get shown to end-users While companies do a great job of encouraging their agents to document solutions, they often fall short in helping employees find knowledge base articles. Useful articles get locked away behind confusing portals. Too many employees forget passwords. And the support environment can be so complex, that people give up searching for answers before they even start. Ultimately, employees end up reaching out to their favorite IT agent or filing a ticket instead, waiting several hours or days for a resolution. Vice versa, IT agents end up referencing their own articles over and over, caught in an endless loop of mundane question-answering processes. 2. Articles aren't written with end-users in mind Articles are written by — and for — IT agents. In fact, our data shows that half of all articles are almost impossible to read given their length. The cycle of knowledge article creation typically follows these steps: Many employees submit a ticket, complaining of a similar issue. An IT agent notices the pattern and writes a knowledge base article documenting their fix. Their fix is centered around their process of fixing the problem — most useful for other IT agents who encounter this ticket. Other employees can't make heads or tails of the KB article and submit a ticket to get help. Instead, industry-leading companies get very prescriptive about how to write knowledge base articles. They templatize what a good article looks like. Agents are enabled to write for employees — and self-service increases. 3. Defining the success of a knowledge base article is difficult Many companies don't have metrics defining the success of a knowledge base article . They may track views — but have no way of connecting those views to the next course of action taken by employees who viewed the article. As a result, the IT team may report an increase in views on the knowledge articles they've been working on, even though ticket volume hasn't slowed down. Clearly, there's a disconnect at play. Industry-leading companies clearly define what a good knowledge base article looks like, and how it’s effective. For example, if a particular article is getting a lot of views, tickets relating to that problem should see a drop in volume — an indication that employees are choosing the self-service route. How to find and interpret knowledge opportunities Many industry-average companies are aware of the task facing them: They need to overhaul how their employees approach support. But many IT leaders are discovering that it's hard to determine which knowledge topics actually yield impact for employees. There are two big actions you can take to find and interpret these knowledge opportunities: Identify article gaps Improve existing articles by improving content Find knowledge gaps According to data across our customer base, 40% of issues employees raise go unanswered because of knowledge gaps. While a knowledge gap may be evident to IT agents, it's often much less evident to leaders. By conducting a thorough content audit, however, you can connect the dots between what employees are actively searching for and what knowledge articles you have currently available. Improve existing articles All IT teams have a library of knowledge articles — but are all of them effective employee resources? To answer that question, conduct an audit of your existing articles, keeping an eye out for the following: Incorrect content: Is there any important information that's outdated or stale? (i.e. an old wifi password) Incomplete content: Is there any critical information missing? What’s common knowledge for IT agents is often critical information for employees who want to self-serve. Difficult to process: Is the article easy for employees to read and understand? Watch out for long paragraphs, overused jargon, or a failure to outline steps. Discoverability issues: Is your article easy to find? When employees raise an issue, were they directed to the article that could've enabled them to self-serve? Article grooming: Is your article still relevant? Many articles will reach their expiration date naturally — it's important to have a process in place to determine which articles to retire or update. Knowledge as a service To be the most effective organization in building and maintaining KCS, leaders have to start thinking about knowledge as a service they’re providing to their employees. Industry-leading companies often empower centralized knowledge teams to oversee the process of creating and maintaining knowledge. They also: Set the standards of success at every level of KCS Manage change in the overall strategy Direct teams within other departments on how to build and document knowledge to support employees Have the formal authority to address knowledge gaps Ultimately, employees are looking for a seamless employee experience — they don’t want to wait several hours for simple tasks that block their productivity. Adopting knowledge centered services is a significant first step to addressing these concerns. To go beyond, consider creating a conversational AI strategy .
Privacy Policy  Atlassian Close View this page in your language ? All languages Choose your language 中文 Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Português Pусский Polski Legal Copy link to heading Copied! Cloud Terms of Service Product-Specific Terms Expanded Coverage Addendum Privacy Policy Former Workplace Privacy Notice Careers Privacy Notice Diversity Survey Privacy Notice Data Processing Addendum Data Transfer Impact Assessment Reseller Agreement User Notice Acceptable Use Policy Other Legal Impressum Archives Cloud Terms of Service Product-Specific Terms Expanded Coverage Addendum Privacy Policy Former Workplace Privacy Notice Careers Privacy Notice Diversity Survey Privacy Notice Data Processing Addendum Data Transfer Impact Assessment Reseller Agreement User Notice Acceptable Use Policy Other Legal Impressum Archives Privacy Policy Effective starting: July 17, 2023 ( view archived versions ) What this policy covers Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you. This policy is intended to help you understand: What information we collect about you How we use information we collect How we disclose information we collect How we store and secure information we collect How long we keep information How to access and control your information How we transfer information we collect internationally Other important privacy information Additional disclosures for California residents This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about you when you use our products or services, or otherwise interact with us (for example, by attending our premises or events or by communicating with us), unless a different policy is displayed.  Atlassian, we and us refers to Atlassian Pty Ltd, Atlassian US, Inc. and any of our corporate affiliates.  We offer a wide range of products, including our cloud, server and data center products .  We refer to all of these products, together with our other services and websites as "Services" in this policy. This policy also explains your choices surrounding how we use information about you, which include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you. If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business . Where we provide the Services under contract with an organization (for example, your employer), that organization controls the information processed by the Services. For more information, please see Notice to End Users below. This policy does not apply to the extent we process personal information in the role of a processor on behalf of such organizations. What information we collect about you We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below. Information you provide to us We collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us. Account and Profile Information: We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the Services. For example, you provide your contact information and, in some cases, billing information, when you register for the Services. You also have the option of adding a display name, profile photo, job title, and other details to your profile information to be displayed in our Services.  We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Services. Content you provide through our products : The Services include the Atlassian products you use, where we collect and store content that you post, send, receive and share. This content includes any information about you that you may choose to include. Examples of content we collect and store include: the summary and description added to a Jira issue, the pages you create in Confluence, the name of a Trello board, your repositories and pull requests in Bitbucket, information regarding an incident in Statuspage or Opsgenie, any stories you name in Jira Align, any forms you create in Jira, and any feedback you provide to us. Content also includes the files and links you upload to the Services. If you use a server or data center version of the Services, we do not host, store, transmit, receive or collect information about you (including your content), except in limited cases, where permitted by your administrator: we collect feedback you provide directly to us through the product and; we collect content using analytics techniques that hash, filter or otherwise scrub the information to exclude information that might identify you or your organization; and we collect clickstream data about how you interact with and use features in the Services. Server and data center administrators can disable our collection of this information from the Services via the administrator settings or prevent this information from being disclosed to us by blocking transmission at the local network level. Content you provide through our websites: The Services also include our websites owned or operated by us. We collect other content that you submit to these websites, which include social media or social networking websites operated by us. For example, you provide content to us when you provide feedback or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities or events. Information you provide through our support channels: The Services also include our customer support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a Service.  Whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue. Payment Information: We collect payment and billing information when you register for certain paid Services.  For example, we ask you to designate a billing representative, including name and contact information, upon registration.  You might also provide payment information, such as payment card details, which we collect via secure payment processing services. Information we collect automatically when you use the Services We collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the Services. Your use of the Services : We keep track of certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Services. This information includes the features you use; the links you click on; the type, size and filenames of attachments you upload to the Services; search terms; your team’s Jira Align story progress; and how you interact with others on the Services.  We also collect information about the teams and people you work with and how you work with them, like who you collaborate with and communicate with most frequently.  If you use a server or data center version of the Services, the information we collect about your use of the Services is limited to clickstream data about how you interact with and use features in the Services, in addition to content-related information described in "Content you provide through our products," above.  Server and data center administrators can disable our collection of this information from the Services via the administrator settings or prevent this information from being disclosed to us by blocking transmission at the local network level. Device and Connection Information : We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better Service experience.  How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services.  Server and data center Service administrators can disable collection of this information via the administrator settings or prevent this information from being disclosed to us by blocking transmission at the local network level. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies : Atlassian and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different Services and devices. For more information, please see our Cookies and Tracking Notice , which includes information on how to control or opt out of these cookies and tracking technologies. Information we receive from other sources We receive information about you from other Service users, from third-party services, from our related companies, social media platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to update and improve our records, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising and suggest services that may be of interest to you. Other users of the Services : Other users of our Services may provide information about you when they submit content through the Services. For example, you may be mentioned in a Jira issue or paged via an Opsgenie incident opened by someone else, a team member may upload content about you to a Trello board, or your team’s story status may be discussed in Jira Align.  We also receive your email address from other Service users when they provide it in order to invite you to the Services.  Similarly, an administrator may provide your contact information when they designate you as the billing or technical contact on your company's account or when they designate you as an administrator. Other services you link to your account : We receive information about you when you or your administrator integrate third-party apps, like Power-UPs, or link a third-party service with our Services. For example, if you create an account or log into the Services using your Google credentials, we receive your name and email address as permitted by your Google profile settings in order to authenticate you. You or your administrator may also integrate our Services with other services you use, such as to allow you to access, store, disclose and edit certain content from a third-party through our Services.  For example, you may authorize our Services to access, display and store files from a third-party document-sharing service within the Services interface. Or you may authorize our Services to connect with a third-party calendaring service or to sync a contact list or address book so that your meetings and connections are available to you through the Services, so you can invite others to collaborate with you on our Services or so your organization can limit access to certain users. Your administrator may also authorize our Services to connect with a third party reporting service so your organization can review how the Services are being used. The information we receive when you link or integrate our Services with a third-party service depends on the settings, permissions and privacy policy controlled by that third-party service. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand what data may be disclosed to us or shared with our Services. Atlassian Companies :  We receive information about you from other Atlassian corporate affiliates, in accordance with their terms and policies. Atlassian Partners :  We work with a global network of partners who provide consulting, implementation, training and other services around our products.  Some of these partners also help us to market and promote our Services, generate leads for us, and resell our Services.  We receive information from these partners, such as billing information, billing and technical contact information, company name, what Atlassian Services you have purchased or may be interested in, evaluation information you have provided, what events you have attended, and what country you are in. Other Partners : We receive information about you and your activities on and off the Services from third-party partners, such as advertising and market research partners who provide us with information about your interest in and engagement with, our Services and online advertisements. Third Party Providers : We may receive information about you from third party providers of business information and publicly available sources (like social media platforms), including physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses and social media profiles, for the purposes of targeted advertising of products that may interest you, delivering personalized communications, event promotion, and profiling. How we use information we collect How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us.  Below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you. To provide the Services and personalize your experience : We use information about you to provide the Services to you, including to process transactions with you, authenticate you when you log in, provide customer support, and operate, maintain, and improve the Services.  For example, we use the name and picture you provide in your account to identify you to other Service users. Our Services also include tailored features that personalize your experience, enhance your productivity, and improve your ability to collaborate effectively with others by automatically analyzing the activities of your team to provide search results, activity feeds, notifications, connections and recommendations that are most relevant for you and your team.  For example, we may use your stated job title and activity to return search results we think are relevant to your job function.  We also use information about you to connect you with other team members seeking your subject matter expertise. We may use your email domain to infer your affiliation with a particular organization or industry to personalize the content and experience you receive on our websites. Where you use multiple Services, we combine information about you and your activities to provide an integrated experience, such as to allow you to find information from one Service while searching from another or to present relevant product information as you travel across our websites. Based on your interactions with different Atlassian products and advertisements, we will personalize your experience and tailor our communications and offers to you. To opt out of this personalization, please contact privacy@atlassian.com. For research and development :  We are always looking for ways to make our Services smarter, faster, secure, integrated, and useful.  We use information and collective learnings (including feedback) about how people use our Services to troubleshoot, to identify trends, usage, activity patterns, and areas for integration and to improve our Services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, to improve the @mention feature, we automatically analyze recent interactions among users and how often they @mention one another to surface the most relevant connections for users. We automatically analyze and aggregate search terms to improve the accuracy and relevance of suggested topics that auto-populate when you use the search feature. In some cases, we apply these learnings across our Services to improve and develop similar features, to better integrate the Services you use, or to provide you with insights based on how others use our Services. We also test and analyze certain new features with some users before rolling the feature out to all users. To communicate with you about the Services : We use your contact information to send transactional communications via email and within the Services, including confirming your purchases, reminding you of subscription expirations, responding to your comments, questions and requests, providing customer support, and sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages.  We send you email notifications when you or others interact with you on the Services, for example, when you are @mentioned on a page or ticket, when a task is assigned to you, or when you are added to a Trello board. Depending on your chosen method of contact, we may send you SMS notifications or call you if you are on-call for incident alerts in Opsgenie. We also provide tailored communications based on your activity and interactions with us.  For example, certain actions you take in the Services may automatically trigger a feature or third-party app suggestion within the Services that would make that task easier.  We also send you communications as you onboard to a particular Service to help you become more proficient in using that Service. These communications are part of the Services and in most cases you cannot opt out of them.  If an opt out is available, you will find that option within the communication itself or in your account settings. To market, promote and drive engagement with the Services: We use your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you, including by email and by displaying Atlassian ads on other companies' websites and applications.  These communications may be informed by audits of interactions (like counting ad impressions), and are aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services, including information about new features, survey requests, newsletters, and events we think may be of interest to you.  We also communicate with you about new Services, product offers, promotions, and contests.  You can control whether you receive these communications as described below under "Opt-out of communications." Customer support : We use your information to resolve technical issues you encounter, to respond to your requests for assistance, to analyze crash information, and to repair and improve the Services. Where you give us express permission to do so, we disclose information to a third party expert for the purpose of responding to support-related requests. For safety and security : We use information about you and your Service use to verify accounts and activity, to detect, prevent, and respond to potential or actual security incidents and to monitor and protect against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including violations of Service policies. To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights : Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business. With your consent : We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above.  For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote the Services, with your permission. Legal bases for processing (for EEA users) : If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws.  The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only where: We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services; It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests; You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation. If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.  Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g. your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services. How we disclose information we collect We make collaboration tools, and we want them to work well for you.  This means disclosing information through the Services and to certain third parties.  We disclose information we collect about you in the ways discussed below, including in connection with possible business transfers. Please note that information about you, your devices, and your behavior collected through third-party cookies, pixels, tags, or other tracking technologies for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising may be considered a “sale” or “share” under certain US state laws. However, Atlassian is not a data broker, and we do not sell personal information for monetary consideration. Disclosing to other Service users When you use the Services, we disclose certain information about you to other Service users. For collaboration : You can create content, which may contain information about you, and grant permission to others to see, disclose, edit, copy and download that content based on settings you or your administrator (if applicable) select.  Some of the collaboration features of the Services display some or all of your profile information to other Service users when you disclose or interact with specific content.  For example, when you comment on a Confluence page or Jira issue, we display your profile picture and name next to your comments so that other users with access to the page or issue understand who made the comment. Similarly, when you publish a Confluence page, your name is displayed as the author of that page, and Service users with permission to view the page can view your profile information as well.  Your team’s story status in Jira Align or certain profile information when you are listed in an Opsgenie on-call schedule, can be seen by other users with certain role permissions or team assignments. Please be aware that some aspects of the Services like Confluence pages, Bitbucket repositories, or Trello boards can be made publicly available, meaning any content posted in that space, including information about you, can be publicly viewed, indexed by, and returned in search results of search engines.  You can confirm whether certain Service properties are publicly visible from within the Services or by contacting the relevant administrator. Managed accounts and administrators : If you register or access the Services using an email address with a domain that is owned by your employer or organization or associate that email address with your existing account, and such organization wishes to establish an account or site, certain information about you including your name, profile picture, contact info, content and past use of your account may become accessible to that organization’s administrator and other Service users sharing the same domain.  If you are an administrator for a particular site or group of users within the Services, we may disclose your contact information to current or past Service users, for the purpose of facilitating Service-related requests. Community Forums :  Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs, forums, issue trackers, and wikis (e.g., Atlassian Community , Atlassian Developer Community , Trello Community , and Trello Inspiration ). You should be aware that any information you provide on these websites - including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information - may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites.  Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these Services. To request removal of your information from publicly accessible websites operated by us, please contact us as provided below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to and why. Disclosing to third parties We disclose information to third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our Services. Service Providers : We work with third-party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis, marketing, and other services for us, which may require them to access or use information about you.  If a service provider needs to access information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under close instruction from us, including appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information. Atlassian Partners : We work with third parties who provide consulting, sales, support, and technical services to deliver and implement customer solutions around the Services. We may disclose your information to these third parties in connection with their services, such as to assist with billing and collections, to provide localized support, and to provide customizations.  We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure. Third Party Apps : You, your administrator or other Service users may choose to add new functionality or change the behavior of the Services by installing third party apps within the Services.  Doing so may give third-party apps access to your account and information about you like your name and email address, and any content you choose to use in connection with those apps.  If you are an administrator, or a technical or billing contact listed on an account, we disclose your details to the third-party app provider upon installation. Third-party app policies and procedures are not controlled by us, and this privacy policy does not cover how third-party apps use your information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of third parties before connecting to or using their applications or services to learn more about their privacy and information handling practices. If you object to information about you being disclosed to these third parties, please uninstall the app. Links to Third Party Sites : The Services may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit information to any of those third party sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. Third Party Services: We may offer you the ability to interact with or disclose information to third parties through the Services. For example, we may offer users the ability to log in to the Services via a third-party service like Google, access embedded maps through Google Maps or interact with social media networks via links on the Services. When you intentionally interact with these third parties, we may disclose certain information to those third parties or receive information with those third parties, consistent with your privacy settings on the third-party service. Such information may include contact information, identification, and demographic information, and device information and identifiers. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand how those third-parties may use your information. Third Party Widgets : Some of our services contain widgets and social media features, such as the Twitter "tweet" button or Facebook "like" button. These widgets and features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Widgets and social media features are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on our Services. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand how those third-parties may use your information. With your consent : We disclose information about you to third parties when you give us consent to do so.  For example, we often display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our public websites. With your consent, we may post your name alongside the testimonial. Compliance with Enforcement Requests and Applicable Laws; Enforcement of Our Rights : In exceptional circumstances, we may disclose information about you to a third party if we believe that sharing is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements, (b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, (c) protect the security or integrity of our products and services, (d) protect Atlassian, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (e) respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person. For more information on how we respond to government requests, see our Guidelines for Law Enforcement and our Transparency Report . Disclosing to affiliated companies We disclose information we collect to affiliated companies and, in some cases, to prospective affiliates.  Affiliated companies are companies owned or operated by us.  The protections of this privacy policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances. Atlassian companies : We disclose information we have about you to other Atlassian corporate affiliates in order to operate and improve products and services and to offer other Atlassian affiliated services to you. This includes companies that own or operate the Services. Business Transfers : We may disclose or transfer information we collect under this privacy policy in connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Services if a transaction takes place, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information. How we store and secure information we collect Information storage and security We use industry standard technical and organizational measures to secure the information we store. For more information on where and how we store your information, please see the Atlassian Trust , Trello Trust , and Jira Align Trust pages. While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. If you use our server or data center Services, responsibility for securing storage and access to the information you put into the Services rests with you and not Atlassian. We strongly recommend that server or data center users configure SSL to prevent interception of information transmitted over networks and to restrict access to the databases and other storage points used. How long we keep information How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below.  After such time, we will either delete or de-identify your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible. Account information : We retain your account information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services.  aWe also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you. Information you share on the Services : If your account is deactivated or disabled, some of your information and the content you have provided will remain in order to allow your team members or other users to make full use of the Services.  For example, we continue to display messages you sent to the users that received them and continue to display content you provided, but when requested details that can identify you will be removed. Managed accounts : If the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by the administrator of your account.  For more information, see "Managed accounts and administrators" above. Marketing information : If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our Services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your Atlassian account.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created. How to access and control your information You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations. Your Choices : Where applicable under local law, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information. Depending on which jurisdiction you live in, you may have the right to request information about our processing of your information, to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, to request your information in a structured, electronic format, to request to correct or update your information, to request to opt out of “sales” or “sharing” of personal information and targeted advertising (as these terms are defined under applicable law), and to request to opt out of certain profiling activities.  Below, we describe the tools and processes for making these requests.  You can exercise some of the choices by logging into the Services and using settings available within the Services or your account. Where the Services are administered for you by an administrator (see "Notice to End Users" below), you may need to contact your administrator to assist with your requests first.  For all other requests, you may contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below to request assistance. Your request and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we or your administrator are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.  Where you have asked us to disclose data to third parties, for example, by installing third-party apps, you will need to contact those third-party service providers directly to have your information deleted or otherwise restricted.  If you have unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were infringed. Where applicable under local law, you may also contact us as provided in the “Contact Us” section below to appeal any decision we make relating to your request to exercise your rights. Access and update your information : Our Services and related documentation (see Atlassian Documentation and Trello Help ) give you the ability to access and update certain information about you from within the Service. For example, you can access your profile information from your account and search for content containing information about you using key word searches in the Service.  You can update your profile information within your profile settings and modify content that contains information about you using the editing tools associated with that content. Deactivate your account :   If you no longer wish to use our Services, you or your administrator may be able to deactivate your Services account. If you can deactivate your own account, that setting is available to you in your account settings. Otherwise, please contact your administrator. If you are an administrator and are unable to deactivate an account through your administrator settings, please contact the appropriate support team through Atlassian ’s support pages.  Please be aware that deactivating your account does not delete your information; your information remains visible to other Service users based on your past participation within the Services.  For more information on how to delete your information, see below. Delete your information : Our Services and related documentation (see Atlassian Documentation ) give you the ability to delete certain information about you from within the Service. For example, you can remove content that contains information about you using the key word search and editing tools associated with that content, and you can remove certain profile information within your profile settings. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations. Request that we stop using your information :  In some cases, you may ask us to stop accessing, storing, using and otherwise processing your information where you believe we don't have the appropriate rights to do so.  For example, if you believe a Services account was created for you without your permission or you are no longer an active user, you can request that we delete your account as provided in this policy.  Where you gave us consent to use your information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place at the time. You can also opt-out of our use of your information for certain marketing purposes by contacting us, as provided below.  When you make such requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request.  If there is delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue using your information, we will restrict any further use of your information until the request is honored or the dispute is resolved, provided your administrator does not object (where applicable).  If you object to information about you being disclosed to a third-party app, please disable the app or contact your administrator to do so. Opt out of communications : You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email, updating your email preferences within your Service account settings menu, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database.  Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services. You can opt out of some notification messages in your account settings. Please note, you will continue to receive generic ads. Opt out of targeted advertising : Where applicable under local law, you may have the right to opt out of targeted advertising by clicking here and following the instructions. You may also be able to opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from other companies who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. For more information about this practice and to understand your options, please visit: http://www.aboutads.info , http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu . Turn off Cookie Controls : Relevant browser-based cookie controls are described in our Cookies & Tracking Notice . Send "Do Not Track" Signals : Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Our websites may not respond to all browser-based DNT signals; however, our websites do respond to the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) to opt-out of “sales” of personal information and targeted advertising in certain locales. For more information on the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the GPC signal, see https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ . You can also use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing from us as described above. Data portability : Data portability is the ability to obtain some of your information in a format you can move from one service provider to another (for instance, when you transfer your mobile phone number to another carrier).  Depending on the context, this applies to some of your information, but not to all of your information.  Should you request it, we will provide you with an electronic file of your basic account information and the information you create on the spaces under your sole control, like your personal Bitbucket repository. How we transfer information we collect internationally International transfers of information we collect We collect information globally and may transfer, process, and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services.  Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it. International transfers within the Atlassian Companies : To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information globally and allow access to that information from countries in which the Atlassian owned or operated companies have operations for the purposes described in this policy. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the laws of many of the countries where our customers and users are based. When we disclose information about you within and among Atlassian corporate affiliates, we make use of the Data Privacy Framework to receive personal data transfers from the European Union/European Economic Area to the U.S. (see “Data Privacy Framework Notice” section below), and the standard contractual data protection clauses, which have been approved by the European Commission, to safeguard the transfer of information we collect from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (the "UK"), and Switzerland. Refer to this page for a list of countries to which we regularly transfer personal data. International transfers to third parties : Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we disclose information of customers in the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland, we make use of the European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses, binding corporate rules for transfers to data processors, or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer. Data Privacy Framework Notice On July 10, 2023, the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) entered into force. Atlassian, Inc. and its U.S. subsidiaries (Atlassian Network Service, Inc., Dogwood Labs, Inc., AgileCraft LLC, Opsgenie, Inc., and Trello, Inc.) adhere to the Data Privacy Framework Principles regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data that is transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the U.S. Atlassian, Inc. has self-certified its commitment to comply with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and relies on the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. DPF to receive personal data transfers from the European Union/European Economic Area. Atlassian, Inc. has self-certified its commitment to comply with the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, but will not rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF to receive personal data transfers from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) until the date of entry into force of the United Kingdom’s anticipated adequacy regulations implementing the data bridge for the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. To view Atlassian’s certifications, please visit this page and search for ”Atlassian”. As required under the principles, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework related (or general privacy-related) complaint.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge).  Through this third-party dispute resolution provider, we have also committed to cooperating and complying with the information and advice provided by an informal panel of data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (as applicable) in relation to unresolved complaints (as further described in the Data Privacy Framework Principles). You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area or Switzerland (as applicable) for unresolved complaints. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Data Privacy Framework website , including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration. Atlassian, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Other important privacy information Notice to End Users Many of our products are intended for use by organizations. Where the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g. your employer), that organization is the administrator of the Services and is responsible for the accounts and/or Service sites over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct your data privacy questions to your administrator, as your use of the Services is subject to that organization's policies. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of an administrator's organization, which may be different than this policy. Administrators are able to: require you to reset your account password; restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Services; access information in and about your account; access or retain information stored as part of your account; install or uninstall third-party apps or other integrations In some cases, administrators can also: restrict, suspend or terminate your account access; change the email address associated with your account; change your information, including profile information; restrict your ability to edit, restrict, modify or delete information Even if the Services are not currently administered to you by an organization, if you are a member of a Trello team administered by an organization, or if you use an email address provided by an organization (such as your work email address) to access the Services, then the owner of the domain associated with your email address (e.g. your employer) may assert administrative control over your account and use of the Services at a later date.  You will be notified if this happens. If you do not want an administrator to be able to assert control over your account or use of the Services, you should deactivate your membership with the relevant Trello board, team or enterprise, or use your personal email address to register for or access the Services.  If an administrator has not already asserted control over your account or access to the Services, you can update the email address associated with your account through your account settings in your profile.  Once an administrator asserts control over your account or use of the Services, you will no longer be able to change the email address associated with your account without administrator approval. Please contact your organization or refer to your administrator’s organizational policies for more information. Additional disclosures for California residents The disclosures in this section apply only to California residents and are intended to supplement the Atlassian Privacy Policy with information required by California law. The table below describes the categories of personal information we collected in the past 12 months, the purposes for which we may collect and disclose this information, the categories of recipients of disclosures made for business purposes in the past 12 months, and the categories of recipients of disclosures made in the past 12 months that may be considered “sales” of personal information or “sharing” of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising under California law. Category of Information Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing” Identifiers , such as name, email address, unique identifiers associated with user or user account, IP Address Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing Providing the Services User authentication Service access controls Billing Analytics and research Marketing Detecting security incidents Debugging Internal research Service enhancements Customer support Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Service Providers Third Party Apps Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing” Third Party Advertising Providers Commercial information , such as purchase details, transaction records, billing information, billing address, payment card details Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing Providing the Services Billing Analytics and research Marketing Detecting security incidents Debugging Internal research Service enhancements Customer support Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Service Providers Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing” -NA- Internet or other electronic network activity information , such as information about your usage of the Services, pseudonymous IDs, clickstream data, device and connection information, browser information, crash data, referring/exit URLs, IP Address Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing Providing the Services Internal research Service enhancements Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Event Sponsors Service Providers Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing” -NA- Visual information , such as photos or avatars, with your consent, recordings of your attendance at our events Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing Providing the Services Internal research Service enhancements Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Event Sponsors Service Providers Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing” -NA- Professional or employment information , such as job title, company name, company domain Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing Providing the Services Analytics and research Marketing Detecting security incidents Debugging Internal research Service enhancements Customer support Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Service Providers Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing” -NA- Geolocation data , such as your approximate location, IP address, time zone Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing Providing the Services Internal research Service enhancements Marketing-Customer support Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Atlassian Companies Atlassian Partners Service Providers Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing” Third Party Advertising Providers Inferences (drawn about you based on other personal information we collect), such as preferences, interests, user behavior data Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing Providing the Services Internal research Marketing Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Atlassian Companies Service Providers Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing” Third Party Advertising Providers Sensitive personal information , such as login credentials and passwords Purpose(s) for Collecting & Disclosing User authentication Service access controls Recipients of Disclosures for Business Purposes Atlassian Companies Service Providers Recipients of “Sales” or “Sharing” -NA- If you have questions about the categories of information we may collect about you or the sources of such information, please be sure to visit the section of this policy called, “ What information we collect about you. ” For more details about our processing activities, please be sure to visit the section called, “ How we use information we collect. ” And for more information about how we may disclose information to third parties, please visit the section called, “ How we disclose information we collect. ” Sensitive personal information: We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than permitted under applicable law. Retention : We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to carry out the business purposes described in this policy, or as otherwise required under law. The length of retention may vary depending upon factors such as recordkeeping or legal compliance requirements, the need to resolve inquiries or complaints, and the existence of an ongoing relationship with you. Please visit the “ How long we keep information ” section of this privacy policy for more information about specific retention criteria for different categories of personal information. Exercising your rights : If you are a California resident, there are some additional rights that may be available to you under the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”). This policy explains the tools that we have made available to you to exercise your data rights under the CCPA, including such as the rights to request information about how we process your personal information, request deletion and the right to request access to the specific pieces of categories of personal information we have collected about you. For more information on how to exercise these your rights, please visit the “ How to access and control your information ” section of this policy. We encourage you to manage your information, and to make use of the privacy controls we have included in our Services. You will not be discriminated against for exercising any of your privacy rights under the CCPA. In order to protect your information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to provide additional information to for verification your identity. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your requests to know, access provide, correct, or delete your information. Opt out of certain disclosures to third parties : You may also opt out of “sales” of personal information and “sharing” of personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising by clicking here and following the instructions. Where required, we also honor requests to opt out submitted via privacy preference signals recognized under applicable law, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”). For more information on the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the GPC signal, see https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ . We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. Authorized agent : You may also authorize an agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide the authorized agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from the agent when they make a request on your behalf. We may also ask you to verify your own identity and directly confirm with you that you have granted permission to the authorized agent. Our policy towards children The Services are not directed to individuals under 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact the appropriate support team (see Atlassian , Jira Align , or Trello support pages). Changes to our Privacy Policy We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice on the Services homepages, login screens, or by sending you an email notification. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.  We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Services and deactivate your account(s), as outlined above. Contact Us Your information is controlled by Atlassian Pty Ltd and Atlassian, Inc.  If you have questions or concerns about how your information is handled, please direct your inquiry to Atlassian Pty Ltd, which we have appointed to be responsible for facilitating such inquiries or, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area, please contact our EU Representative. Atlassian Pty Ltd c/o Atlassian, Inc. 350 Bush Street, Floor 13 San Francisco, CA 94104 E-Mail: privacy@atlassian.com EU Representative: Atlassian B.V. c/o Atlassian, Inc. 350 Bush Street, Floor 13 San Francisco, CA 94104 E-Mail: eudatarep@atlassian.com UK Representative: Atlassian (UK) Operations Limited c/o Herbert Smith Freehills LLP Exchange House Primrose Street London EC2A 2EG United Kingdom E-Mail: ukrepresentative@atlassian.com Key Changes Effective July 17, 2023 We have replaced the section Privacy Shield Notice with EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Notice to reflect the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF) on July 10, 2023. Effective January 1, 2020 We have updated the Other important privacy information section by adding a section on the California Consumer Privacy Act. November 1, 2019 We are updating our Privacy Policy to reflect Jira Align and Trello specific examples as we fully integrate them into the Atlassian family. We added details on data we may collect from third parties and public databases. We provided information about how we create user profiles and how you can opt out of this. November 1, 2018 We are updating our Privacy Policy to reflect the expansion of our cloud data storage infrastructure May 25, 2018 Better navigation and user-friendly language. To make the policy easier to understand, we use clear, plain language and examples that illustrate our activities. We reformatted our privacy policy page with active links, so you can quickly find the information that matters most to you. How we integrate our products. We're always improving our products to give you a frictionless and customized experience. The updates to our policy describe the tools we’ve built to make our products smarter and allow you to move seamlessly from one Atlassian product to another. More control over your information. We make it easy for you to control the information you provide to us. Our policy explains how you can make choices about your information, and the measures we’ve put in place to keep your information secure. Using our products for work. Many users have access to our services through their organizations (e.g., their employers), who control their accounts or use of our services. The updated policy clarifies our relationship to these users and explains the tools available to administrators of these users.
Here’s how we use our own AI to better onboard new hires  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Here’s how we use our own AI to better onboard new hires Varun Singh, VP of Product September 1, 2022 linkedin facebook twitter email Onboarding is crucial. For any employee, the first days at a new company set the stage for what’s to come. New hires immediately pick up on how current employees use their time, what’s causing frustration, and whether or not everyone has the resources they need to do their job. Employees who have a positive experience tend to stick around, but those who don’t make a quick exit. 1 in 10 employees has left a company because of poor onboarding. And a bad first impression can have significant financial consequences. Companies can lose tens of thousands of dollars in replacement and productivity costs for every employee who chooses to move on. At Moveworks, we know that employees need the most support during the first moments at a new company. That’s why, when it comes to onboarding, we have a mandate: Give every employee help the moment they need it; Personalize support for every new hire; Constantly improve our onboarding process; and Ensure employees are productive on Day One. Give new hires what they need. Now. On Day One, a new hire has a million things to do. From enrolling in benefits and getting the right hardware to figuring out the VPN and even getting their hands on some swag, the Day One to-do list seems endless — especially when they don’t know who is who, where that one conference room is, and why their Zoom keeps disconnecting 40 minutes into every meeting. At Moveworks, our own chatbot — m8 — takes all the effort and complexity out of first-day busywork. Have a question about benefits? Ask the bot. Need a Zoom Pro license? Ask the bot. Want to make sure your first paycheck is going to the right account? m8 lives right in Slack, ready to help. Figure 1: m8 understands what new hires are looking for, even if they’re new to Moveworks and don’t know who or how to ask for help. Not only does m8 have all the answers, it engages conversationally , interpreting an employee’s needs with natural language understanding (NLU) . For example, m8 understands that when an employee has a question about payroll, they will need help from our Compensation team. It shouldn’t be the responsibility of any employee, let alone a new one, to know all the ins and outs of something that isn’t their job. With conversational AI, if an employee doesn’t yet know a specific company’s terminology, they can still get what they need immediately. Incorporating a conversational AI strategy into your onboarding program keeps new hires from waiting for answers. When you put all the information they need at their fingertips, they’ll feel like a part of the team in no time. Onboarding is personal. Make sure it stays that way. In our hybrid world, a well-planned onboarding program is personalized, taking into account that people work in different time zones, speak different languages, and live in different countries. One-size-fits-all onboarding can easily confuse your new hires, leading them to quit. At Moveworks, we use our bot m8 to deliver a customized support experience — tailored to each employee. m8 knows when someone is a new hire. It knows their title, department, function, cost center, and seniority. It knows where they live and even the language they speak. And because m8 never sleeps, it’s available to help even when it’s 2 AM at HQ. Figure 2: m8 speaks our employee languages, personalizing support to their location, department, and more. Since our platform has access to thousands of support resources, m8 can provide the right solution to employees’ requests, such as snippets from knowledge articles in half a dozen languages. They can not only check remaining PTO balances and inquire about benefits, but can also review company holiday schedules and learn more about maternity leave without confusion, since they know that information is tailored to their region, and not HQ. Employees can even take action over the bot. Requesting PTO, updating benefits, and signing up for parental leave only take a simple conversation with the bot. No one has to waste time finding and learning how to use various backend HR tools. Get the information you need to improve your onboarding. Let’s be real for a minute. You most likely already have an onboarding process in place. Here’s a question, though: Is it working? If you don’t know what’s working — and what’s not — you’ll never improve. This is just another way we rely on m8. We regularly review our Performance Insights Dashboards to break down engagement with our bot in real time. We can see what employees are asking in their first week. We know when new hires are having trouble getting office access, need help setting up their 401k, or have questions about our parental leave policy. Because we know what employees are asking, we can adjust accordingly, building resources or reaching out directly to ensure people get everything they need to succeed. Figure 3: With the insights provided by our dashboards, we know how to best improve our onboarding process. We set up our people for success, on their terms. You should too. Here’s the situation: You want to hire the best people. The challenge is keeping the best people. And that starts on Day One. In a tight labor market, onboarding shouldn’t be an afterthought. You only have one shot to make a good impression, so you’d best take a long look at your Day One onboarding plan. When done correctly, onboarding can engage your new hires, lower your turnover rate, increase retention, build employee loyalty, and sustain motivation. But this success hinges on you being there for your employees. At Moveworks, we rely on our own tech — our bot, m8. This way, new hires have everything they need to succeed in their role on Day One. Request a demo to see how you can onboard new hires with conversational AI. onboarding More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Best of HDI in 2021 - #2: Understanding the Service Desk Metric of Cost per Ticket LOGIN Sign In Forgot password? Create a free account SUBSCRIBE JOIN HDI CONNECT Menu Events Conferences Service Management World SupportWorld Live Webinars Certification & Training Course Calendar Course Catalog Download Training Catalog HDI Certification Certification Testing HDI Team Certified Awards Certified Instructor Program Student & Instructor Resources Instructor Resources Student Resources Learning Center Login Contact Us Consulting & Services Consulting Services HealthCheck Service Management Consulting Support Center Certification Best Practices Assessment Contact Us Resources SupportWorld Support Center Desktop Support Service Management Customer Experience Workforce Enablement Metrics Technology Infographics Webinars Community Join HDIConnect Local Chapters Global Service and Support Awards Who We Are About Us Strategic Advisory Board Press Room Contact Us Advertise With Us Advertisement Best of HDI in 2021 - #2: Understanding the Service Desk Metric of Cost per Ticket Best of HDI in 2021 - #2: This is a foundational metric for the industry, and one every IT service manager should know inside out. It isn’t as simple as keeping down this metric; it is a delicate balance between holding down cost and providing the service level desired. by Jeff Rumburg Date Published December 28, 2021 - Last Updated  252 Days, 21 Hours, 3 Minutes ago Best of HDI in 2021 - #2 Each month MetricNet highlights one Key Performance Indicator for Service and Support. We define the KPI, provide recent benchmarking data for the metric, and discuss key correlations, and cause-and-effect relationships for the metric. The purpose of the column is to familiarize you with the Key Performance Indicators that really matter to your organization, and to provide you with actionable insight on how to leverage these KPIs to improve your performance This month, we’re taking another look at cost per ticket. Cost per unit is a common metric throughout our economy. Many of you know the cost of a gallon of gas, or the cost for a cup of coffee, or the cost of your monthly cell phone plan. Yet surprisingly, many service and support managers do not know their own Cost per Ticket. Cost per Ticket is the total monthly operating expense of a service desk divided by the monthly ticket volume. Operating expense includes the following components: Salaries and Benefits for service desk agents Salaries and Benefits for Indirect Personnel (Team Leads, Supervisors, Workforce Schedulers, Dispatchers, QA/QC Personnel, Trainers, and Managers) Technology and Telecom Expense (computers, software licensing fees, ACD and VRU costs, telecom headsets and handsets, etc.) Facilities Expense (office space, utilities, insurance, etc.) Travel, Training, and Office Supplies Service and support is a labor-intensive function. As you might expect, the vast majority of costs for a service desk are personnel related. Figure 1 below shows the average cost breakdown for service desks worldwide in 2021. This cost breakdown remains relatively constant from country to country, and from region to region. Why it’s Important Cost per Ticket and Customer Satisfaction are often referred to as the foundation metrics in service and support. They are the two most important metrics because ultimately everything boils down to cost containment (as measured by Cost per Ticket), and quality of service (as measured by Customer Satisfaction). In any service delivery organization, cost (or more accurately unit cost) is critically important. Cost per Ticket is a measure of how efficiently a service desk conducts its business. A higher-than-average Cost per Ticket is not necessarily a bad thing, particularly if it helps to drive higher than average customer satisfaction and service levels. Conversely, a low Cost per Ticket is not necessarily good, particularly if the low cost is achieved by sacrificing service levels or customer satisfaction. Every service desk should track and trend Cost per Ticket on a monthly basis. Key Drivers of Service Desk Cost per Ticket Borrowing the cause-and-effect diagram from a previous Metric of the Month, we can see that Cost per Ticket has a number of key drivers. The most important of these drivers are Agent Utilization and Ticket Handle Time. Secondary drivers include Absenteeism, Turnover, and the Ratio of Agents to Total Service Desk Headcount. These KPIs have been highlighted in the diagram below. The correlation between Ticket Handle Time and Cost per Ticket, and between Agent Utilization and Cost per Ticket is illustrated in the two charts below. The relationship between handle time and Cost per Ticket is fairly intuitive. Increasing handle times mean increasing work per ticket, and for a labor-intensive function, that means costs will increase correspondingly. But what accounts for the wide variation around the mean? Why is the cost for a ten-minute ticket $10 for one service desk and $25 for another service desk? The answer is wage rates. Specifically, the wide variation in wage rates within a country. As wage rates vary, so too will Cost per Ticket. Operating a service desk in a geographic location with lower average wage rates will result in a lower average Cost per Ticket. Conversely, operating a service desk in a major metropolitan area where wages tend to be much higher, will produce a much higher Cost per Ticket. The relationship between Agent Utilization and Cost per Ticket is also intuitive. Higher utilization means greater productivity and lower costs. The variance around the mean for this chart is even greater than for Cost vs. Handle Time. The reason is that in the utilization chart we have not normalized for Handle time. So, it’s possible to have a $10 ticket at 50% utilization as well as a $50 ticket at 50% utilization if the handle time for the $50 ticket is 5X the handle time for the $10 ticket. What about the secondary drivers of cost – absenteeism, turnover, and the ratio of Agents to Total Headcount? Absenteeism increases costs because a service desk will need to offer overtime hours or retain additional staff in an amount equal to the absentee rate. Let’s say, for example, that a service desk has an average absentee rate of 5%. That means they will be operating at 95% capacity and will need to add additional headcount or offer overtime hours to make up for the 5% capacity shortfall. Turnover is costly because, on average, it costs about $12,000 to replace a single service desk agent in North America. This is the cost of finding a suitable candidate, background checking them, training them, and finally the learning curve costs once the agent starts working on the desk. Finally, the Ratio of Agents to Total Service Desk Headcount is a measure of managerial efficiency. The average for this metric worldwide is about 78%. What this means is that 78% of service desk personnel are in direct, customer facing service roles. The remaining 22% are supervisors, team leads, trainers, schedulers, QA/QC personnel, etc. If this number is much lower than 78% it means that the service desk is top heavy; it has too many indirect personnel. If the number is too high, it means that the managerial span of control is not tight enough, and there may be a lack of supervision. Channel Effects on Cost per Ticket Virtually every service desk is now multi-channel if not omni-channel. The most common channels include voice, chat, email, web submit, self-help, and walk-up. Some channels are more efficient than others, so naturally the cost per ticket will vary by channel. The most expensive channel is walk-up because the average ticket handle time is longest in the walk-up channel. Voice is still the dominant channel in the industry and has the second highest cost per ticket. Chat is lower cost than voice because a good chat agent can handle more than one chat at a time. This is called concurrency, and it increases the utilization rate of chat agents relative to voice agents. Email and web submitted tickets are also lower cost than voice tickets because the Erlang effects of the incoming ticket flow (the peaks and valleys) are not as severe as they are in the voice channel. This also has the effect of driving utilization rates higher for email and web agents. Finally, self-help tickets are the lowest cost of all since they involve no agent assistance. These economics help to explain why many service desks devote considerable effort to deflecting tickets away from the voice channel and into the lower cost channels of chat, email, web, and self-help. Benchmarking Ranges for Cost per Ticket The North American averages and ranges for Cost per Ticket by channel in 2021 are shown below, in Figure 5. The ranges for Cost per Ticket (min to max) are quite large, varying by more than two orders of magnitude (100X) from the lowest cost self-help ticket to the highest cost walk-up ticket. The reasons for this have been explained above, and include variations in handle time by channel, wage rates, agent utilization, absenteeism, turnover, and the Ratio of Agents to Total Service Desk Headcount. Jeff Rumburg is the Managing Partner and co-founder of MetricNet, LLC. MetricNet is the leading source of benchmarks and metrics for IT service and support professionals worldwide. For more information, please go to www.metricnet.com . Tag(s): supportworld , service quality , service management , best practice , metrics and measurements Related: Service Management Is Like Mowing Your Lawn 3 Tips to Help You Hire an Amazing IT Service Desk Manager Why Is Incident Categorization So Important? More from Jeff Rumburg Imperatives for the Future The Zen of Support Service and Support as a Business: KPIs That Paint the Big Picture Comments:
Discover The Moveworks Platform  Moveworks The Moveworks Platform Meet the core components powering our enterprise copilot platform. Previous Next Pause Play Cost Reduction Trusted by the best: over 100 Fortune 500 companies choose Moveworks Conversational AI platform Language is the new UI Leveraging top-tier LLMs, Moveworks presents a versatile AI copilot platform that tackles hundreds of use cases across all enterprise systems, ensuring exceptional security without compromising on performance. Large Language Models Harness best-in-class LLMs With Moveworks, you’re putting the latest and greatest language models at your employees’ fingertips. We do the heavy lifting — evaluating, fine-tuning, and incorporating LLMs into your business on your behalf. Only with Moveworks will you be able to capture the unique strengths of leading language models trained on a vast repository of enterprise data. Resource Ingestion Streamline knowledge discovery Accessing information from disparate systems can be time-consuming and inefficient. The Moveworks platform brings all your resources to life, eliminating the hassle of sifting through countless documents, portals, files, and workflows. Our platform automatically ingests, standardizes, scans, and annotates every piece of information as it is created converting them into up-to-date, action-oriented snippets. Workflow Orchestration Drive workflows across multiple systems The Moveworks platform makes it easy to tackle complex tasks involving multiple backend systems, like provisioning software and managing approvals. Built with a deep understanding of enterprise support, our platform streamlines processes leveraging both our out-of-the-box solutions and deep integrations. Let Moveworks' AI handle the complexity, so you can focus on what matters most. Connectors Easily connect any enterprise system The Moveworks platform offers 100+ deep integrations across ITSM, IDAM, HRIS, ERP, and facilities systems of record — in addition to collaboration platforms, knowledge bases, email groups, workflow automation tools, and RPA systems. Our solution simplifies all your tasks, lookups, and searches, streamlining processes throughout your organization. Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system Identity & Permissions Seamless access management Effortlessly manage user access and permissions across your organization. The Moveworks platform is designed to pull relevant user and identity information from backend systems so you don’t have to. By tying these details to a comprehensive, up-to-date identity map , you stay in control, ensuring your team members receive only authorized resources. Conversational Analytics Unlock actionable insights Get unprecedented visibility over the health of their entire support experience . Moveworks’ natural language understanding analyzes unstructured data across your enterprise environment to present a simple, actionable to-do list, so leaders can identify critical issues, prioritize projects, invest in the right technologies, and more. Security AI you can trust Know that your data is safe and secure. The Moveworks platform prioritizes customer trust with industry-leading security measures and adhering to stringent certifications. We strongly focus on data protection, hardened infrastructure, and responsible AI implementation to ensure your data remains secure, reliable, and compliant with privacy requirements. Web Explore Moveworks’ copilot: automate tasks and search across systems with one language interface. Learn more Guide Read this guide for a comprehensive primer on how to get the most out of the latest breakthrough of AI in IT. Read the guide Blog Discover how Creator Studio connects people to enterprise systems through natural language. Read the blog Learn how the Moveworks platform drives ROI, reduces busy work, and improves employee experience. Request a demo
Our Customers  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Customer Stories Moveworks helps the world’s most innovative companies deliver the best employee experience — while still cutting costs. 12 FTE Help desk agents’ workload automated by Moveworks Find out how 7 SEC Avg. time Moveworks takes to solve employees’ issues Find out how 91 % Employees who are highly satisfied with Moveworks Find out how We automate the busywork. Our customers change the world. Moveworks helps companies of all sizes and industries around the world leverage AI to solve issues and prevent problems at work. Meet Wond-E, the Moveworks-powered chatbot transforming IT support at the Wonderful Company. Read case study Customer Stories Palo Alto Networks saved its hybrid workforce 351,000 hours of productivity by solving their issues in seconds. Read case study "The best business decision" this Verisk IT executive has ever made? Conversational AI. Read case study "I don’t want to hire people to reset passwords all day”: The story of why Procore brought AI to IT Read case study Vituity speeds up care for patients — by supporting its physicians with AI. Read case study 89% of DocuSign's employees recieve secure IT help in seconds with conversational AI. Read case study Equinix lets a chatbot route support tickets. Find out how AI-powered triage makes IT queues disappear. Read case study How Slack uses AI to crowdsource IT support directly on … Slack / in chat Read case study Over 90% of Unity loves their IT team. Learn how conversational AI delivers exceptional support at scale. Read case study In less than 7 weeks, conversational AI was solving over half of all Nutanix's IT issues. Read case study Broadcom has over 4K knowledge articles. Learn how the company uses AI to help employees help themselves. Read case study How a chatbot became the face of IT at AppDynamics in just 8 weeks. Read case study 95% of Medallia uses a chatbot to get IT help. See why its employees depend on conversational AI. Read case study Achieve created an award-winning workplace by personalizing support with AI. Learn from the best... Read case study How Consumers Energy saved tens of thousands of dollars by sending a message -- with AI. Read case study Learn how conversational AI helped Wellstar put its people first — with a chatbot that worked out of the box. Read case study Learn how employees get what they need in just minutes with AI-powered approvals. Read case study Learn how Albemarle uses natural language understanding to drive change. Read case study Moveworks sped up Hearst’s support process — without compromising its user experience. Read case study Learn how Luminis Health reduced IT call volume by 25% in 2 only weeks. Read case study Mercari uses AI to resolve 74% of tickets and enabling the company to scale operations. Read case study Meet Wond-E, the Moveworks-powered chatbot transforming IT support. Read case study Learn how TC Energy transformed legacy IT in less than 2 months with Moveworks. Read case study Moveworks gives Pinterest a ridiculously fast help desk. See how! Read case study Moveworks for HR offers CommScope one place to get instant help at work. Read case study Robert Half used AI to get a 6X increase in Microsoft Teams’ adoption. Read case study Stitch Fix shares the hybrid communications strategy that keeps every stylist on the same page Read case study How does Intercontinental Exchange turns IT tickets into an actionable to-do list with AI? Read case study Learn how Jamf uses Moveworks' AI copilot to provide instant support to employees. Read case study See Moveworks in action Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Enterprise Architect’s Guide: Conversational AI  Moveworks Download Guide The Enterprise Architect’s Guide to Conversational AI Conversational AI is changing the way humans and systems interact by using NLP and ML to interpret and respond to human words. It's becoming the universal interface for various systems, from employee service to home automation, and healthcare. As an enterprise architect, it's crucial to incorporate conversational AI into the organization's tech stack to keep up with the changing technological landscape. Boards around the world are requiring CEOs to integrate conversational AI into every facet of their business, and this document provides a guide to using conversational AI in the enterprise. You will walk away with an understanding of: The benefits of conversational AI Components of a conversational AI platform Cross department conversational AI use cases Best practices and considerations Download the Guide Now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Concierge: Automated Ticket Lifecycle Management  Moveworks Concierge: Time is Money. Allow Moveworks Concierge to file tickets, remind agents, and follow up with users at the speed of AI. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere Home Product Concierge Resolve employee issues faster than ever before. By using advanced natural language understanding, Concierge can converse directly with employees, eliminating the need for help desk agents to intervene. This can reduce the time it takes to resolve issues, improving productivity and reducing frustration. Grant your users unparalleled visibility into their requests. Concierge provides both employees and service desks with unprecedented visibility into support issues. Employees can see the status of their requests in real time, and service desks can track progress and prioritize the most important requests. Make losing requests a thing of the past. By intelligently managing thousands of interactions, Concierge ensures that nothing gets lost in the shuffle. This can improve the efficiency of employee support and help reduce the workload on support teams. Features Concierge allows for significant interactivity, providing an automated middle-man between your users and agents. Ticket Notifications Creating & Filing Tickets Viewing Tickets Ticket Comments Closing Tickets Reopening Tickets Multi-domain Concierge Ticket Notifications Users will automatically receive a ticket notification if an agent adds a comment, there is a significant status change, or a specific amount of time has passed with no change to the ticket. Creating & Filing Tickets If an issue is not resolved automatically, users have the ability to file a ticket in-chat, creating a ticket at the back-end of your ITSM system for your agents. Viewing Tickets Users may check on the status of all their tickets anytime or a specific ticket, simply by asking in-chat. Adding Comments to Tickets Users may add comments in response to agent questions, directly in-chat. Closing Tickets When a user wishes to close a ticket, they may do so. As a result of this, Moveworks marks the ticket as resolved. Reopening Tickets When a user wishes to reopen a ticket, they may also do so. As a result of this, Moveworks will update the status of the ticket back to new. Multi-Domain Concierge Based on the nature of the user’s issue, Moveworks will predict what type of ticket needs to be created. Users can also correct the domain manually if necessary. One of the things that I use AppDynoBot for, quite frequently, is just inquiring on the status of my open tickets, and that’s something any employee can do, instantly. Russ Harris VP operations Level up your ticketing with AI Guide We analyzed support issues from over 100 companies to help you benchmark your help desk’s performance. Get the guide Case study See how Broadcom’s has automatically resolved 75k total IT issues and counting, all of which were previously handled by an outsourced helpdesk See the case study Blog From “resolution rate” to “issue prevention,” these are the most important metrics to measure the ROI of your virtual agent. Read the blog Excited to try Concierge? Request a demo
Our Customers  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Customer Stories Moveworks helps the world’s most innovative companies deliver the best employee experience — while still cutting costs. 12 FTE Help desk agents’ workload automated by Moveworks Find out how 7 SEC Avg. time Moveworks takes to solve employees’ issues Find out how 91 % Employees who are highly satisfied with Moveworks Find out how We automate the busywork. Our customers change the world. Moveworks helps companies of all sizes and industries around the world leverage AI to solve issues and prevent problems at work. Meet Wond-E, the Moveworks-powered chatbot transforming IT support at the Wonderful Company. Read case study Customer Stories Palo Alto Networks saved its hybrid workforce 351,000 hours of productivity by solving their issues in seconds. Read case study "The best business decision" this Verisk IT executive has ever made? Conversational AI. Read case study "I don’t want to hire people to reset passwords all day”: The story of why Procore brought AI to IT Read case study Vituity speeds up care for patients — by supporting its physicians with AI. Read case study 89% of DocuSign's employees recieve secure IT help in seconds with conversational AI. Read case study Equinix lets a chatbot route support tickets. Find out how AI-powered triage makes IT queues disappear. Read case study How Slack uses AI to crowdsource IT support directly on … Slack / in chat Read case study Over 90% of Unity loves their IT team. Learn how conversational AI delivers exceptional support at scale. Read case study In less than 7 weeks, conversational AI was solving over half of all Nutanix's IT issues. Read case study Broadcom has over 4K knowledge articles. Learn how the company uses AI to help employees help themselves. Read case study How a chatbot became the face of IT at AppDynamics in just 8 weeks. Read case study 95% of Medallia uses a chatbot to get IT help. See why its employees depend on conversational AI. Read case study Achieve created an award-winning workplace by personalizing support with AI. Learn from the best... Read case study How Consumers Energy saved tens of thousands of dollars by sending a message -- with AI. Read case study Learn how conversational AI helped Wellstar put its people first — with a chatbot that worked out of the box. Read case study Learn how employees get what they need in just minutes with AI-powered approvals. Read case study Learn how Albemarle uses natural language understanding to drive change. Read case study Moveworks sped up Hearst’s support process — without compromising its user experience. Read case study Learn how Luminis Health reduced IT call volume by 25% in 2 only weeks. Read case study Mercari uses AI to resolve 74% of tickets and enabling the company to scale operations. Read case study Meet Wond-E, the Moveworks-powered chatbot transforming IT support. Read case study Learn how TC Energy transformed legacy IT in less than 2 months with Moveworks. Read case study Moveworks gives Pinterest a ridiculously fast help desk. See how! Read case study Moveworks for HR offers CommScope one place to get instant help at work. Read case study Robert Half used AI to get a 6X increase in Microsoft Teams’ adoption. Read case study Stitch Fix shares the hybrid communications strategy that keeps every stylist on the same page Read case study How does Intercontinental Exchange turns IT tickets into an actionable to-do list with AI? Read case study Learn how Jamf uses Moveworks' AI copilot to provide instant support to employees. Read case study See Moveworks in action Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Discover The Moveworks Platform  Moveworks The Moveworks Platform Meet the core components powering our enterprise copilot platform. Previous Next Pause Play Cost Reduction Trusted by the best: over 100 Fortune 500 companies choose Moveworks Conversational AI platform Language is the new UI Leveraging top-tier LLMs, Moveworks presents a versatile AI copilot platform that tackles hundreds of use cases across all enterprise systems, ensuring exceptional security without compromising on performance. Large Language Models Harness best-in-class LLMs With Moveworks, you’re putting the latest and greatest language models at your employees’ fingertips. We do the heavy lifting — evaluating, fine-tuning, and incorporating LLMs into your business on your behalf. Only with Moveworks will you be able to capture the unique strengths of leading language models trained on a vast repository of enterprise data. Resource Ingestion Streamline knowledge discovery Accessing information from disparate systems can be time-consuming and inefficient. The Moveworks platform brings all your resources to life, eliminating the hassle of sifting through countless documents, portals, files, and workflows. Our platform automatically ingests, standardizes, scans, and annotates every piece of information as it is created converting them into up-to-date, action-oriented snippets. Workflow Orchestration Drive workflows across multiple systems The Moveworks platform makes it easy to tackle complex tasks involving multiple backend systems, like provisioning software and managing approvals. Built with a deep understanding of enterprise support, our platform streamlines processes leveraging both our out-of-the-box solutions and deep integrations. Let Moveworks' AI handle the complexity, so you can focus on what matters most. Connectors Easily connect any enterprise system The Moveworks platform offers 100+ deep integrations across ITSM, IDAM, HRIS, ERP, and facilities systems of record — in addition to collaboration platforms, knowledge bases, email groups, workflow automation tools, and RPA systems. Our solution simplifies all your tasks, lookups, and searches, streamlining processes throughout your organization. Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system Identity & Permissions Seamless access management Effortlessly manage user access and permissions across your organization. The Moveworks platform is designed to pull relevant user and identity information from backend systems so you don’t have to. By tying these details to a comprehensive, up-to-date identity map , you stay in control, ensuring your team members receive only authorized resources. Conversational Analytics Unlock actionable insights Get unprecedented visibility over the health of their entire support experience . Moveworks’ natural language understanding analyzes unstructured data across your enterprise environment to present a simple, actionable to-do list, so leaders can identify critical issues, prioritize projects, invest in the right technologies, and more. Security AI you can trust Know that your data is safe and secure. The Moveworks platform prioritizes customer trust with industry-leading security measures and adhering to stringent certifications. We strongly focus on data protection, hardened infrastructure, and responsible AI implementation to ensure your data remains secure, reliable, and compliant with privacy requirements. Web Explore Moveworks’ copilot: automate tasks and search across systems with one language interface. Learn more Guide Read this guide for a comprehensive primer on how to get the most out of the latest breakthrough of AI in IT. Read the guide Blog Discover how Creator Studio connects people to enterprise systems through natural language. Read the blog Learn how the Moveworks platform drives ROI, reduces busy work, and improves employee experience. Request a demo
The complete guide to knowledge-centered service  Moveworks The Complete Guide to Knowledge Centered Service IT leaders want to provide fast, comprehensive support to their employees. To do that, they need powerful knowledge resources — and the means to track their effectiveness. In fact, we know that the best knowledge centered services are also the most organized and actionable. But this presents a challenge: Agents struggle with knowledge management because it's hard to write, maintain, and track within the enterprise. So, how can we make sure our knowledge centered services are actually creating an impact? Keep reading to find out. This guide will provide a comprehensive look into what knowledge centered service is, the benefits and challenges of providing it, and how you can incorporate it into your organization. What does knowledge centered service (KCS) mean? Organizations use knowledge centered service to gain visibility into every aspect of the knowledge support environment within their business. By managing, distributing, and tracking knowledge across the whole enterprise, leaders can more quickly resolve employees' problems — and in many cases, prevent incidents from happening before they arise. In action, this looks like detailed documentation, knowledge sharing, and data-driven insights into how knowledge actually gets used. What's the difference between knowledge centered service and knowledge centered support? Until recently, the more commonly used term was knowledge centered support. The focus of this process was always to offer the best customer and employee support, while also creating and maintaining documentation. Knowledge centered service was adopted to expand the focus from simply offering support to improving every aspect of the ITSM. 3 Benefits of providing knowledge centered service There are many reasons why KCS is the dominant way to run your help desk, but an overarching theme emerges time and time again: This system can scale your help desk even with limited resources. These three value-adds can help you do just that. 1. Reduce time to resolution by encouraging self-service When implemented correctly, KCS can encourage your employees to self-serve when issues arise. Over time, your organization will have built up a library of knowledge articles, filled to the brim with solutions. And yet, your agents may find themselves answering the same questions time and time again. KCS can enable employees to search for and find their own answers — dramatically reducing time to resolution. 2. Free up agent time to focus on strategy work Initially, KCS adoption requires some investment of time, but the time-saving potential of KCS in the post-adoption stage has a monumental impact in the long run. Building a service desk around knowledge will free your help desk agents from having to answer the same set of questions day after day. Instead, as they document solutions, other agents will be able to jump in and reference their approach — saving time and energy for everyone. When KCS is implemented successfully, employee retention and satisfaction can increase dramatically. Employees get solutions faster — and often by themselves. Agents get to turn their attention to strategic work. It's a win-win. 3. Decrease cost-per-ticket As KCS both reduces the overall tickets by enabling self-service and the amount of time and effort each agent spends on resolving a ticket, this method can substantially cut your cost-per-ticket. 3 Challenges of providing knowledge centered service We've discussed some ways KCS can deliver tangible benefits to organizations — even with limited resources. However, successful implementation introduces some challenges too. 1. 75% of all articles don't get shown to end-users While companies do a great job of encouraging their agents to document solutions, they often fall short in helping employees find knowledge base articles. Useful articles get locked away behind confusing portals. Too many employees forget passwords. And the support environment can be so complex, that people give up searching for answers before they even start. Ultimately, employees end up reaching out to their favorite IT agent or filing a ticket instead, waiting several hours or days for a resolution. Vice versa, IT agents end up referencing their own articles over and over, caught in an endless loop of mundane question-answering processes. 2. Articles aren't written with end-users in mind Articles are written by — and for — IT agents. In fact, our data shows that half of all articles are almost impossible to read given their length. The cycle of knowledge article creation typically follows these steps: Many employees submit a ticket, complaining of a similar issue. An IT agent notices the pattern and writes a knowledge base article documenting their fix. Their fix is centered around their process of fixing the problem — most useful for other IT agents who encounter this ticket. Other employees can't make heads or tails of the KB article and submit a ticket to get help. Instead, industry-leading companies get very prescriptive about how to write knowledge base articles. They templatize what a good article looks like. Agents are enabled to write for employees — and self-service increases. 3. Defining the success of a knowledge base article is difficult Many companies don't have metrics defining the success of a knowledge base article . They may track views — but have no way of connecting those views to the next course of action taken by employees who viewed the article. As a result, the IT team may report an increase in views on the knowledge articles they've been working on, even though ticket volume hasn't slowed down. Clearly, there's a disconnect at play. Industry-leading companies clearly define what a good knowledge base article looks like, and how it’s effective. For example, if a particular article is getting a lot of views, tickets relating to that problem should see a drop in volume — an indication that employees are choosing the self-service route. How to find and interpret knowledge opportunities Many industry-average companies are aware of the task facing them: They need to overhaul how their employees approach support. But many IT leaders are discovering that it's hard to determine which knowledge topics actually yield impact for employees. There are two big actions you can take to find and interpret these knowledge opportunities: Identify article gaps Improve existing articles by improving content Find knowledge gaps According to data across our customer base, 40% of issues employees raise go unanswered because of knowledge gaps. While a knowledge gap may be evident to IT agents, it's often much less evident to leaders. By conducting a thorough content audit, however, you can connect the dots between what employees are actively searching for and what knowledge articles you have currently available. Improve existing articles All IT teams have a library of knowledge articles — but are all of them effective employee resources? To answer that question, conduct an audit of your existing articles, keeping an eye out for the following: Incorrect content: Is there any important information that's outdated or stale? (i.e. an old wifi password) Incomplete content: Is there any critical information missing? What’s common knowledge for IT agents is often critical information for employees who want to self-serve. Difficult to process: Is the article easy for employees to read and understand? Watch out for long paragraphs, overused jargon, or a failure to outline steps. Discoverability issues: Is your article easy to find? When employees raise an issue, were they directed to the article that could've enabled them to self-serve? Article grooming: Is your article still relevant? Many articles will reach their expiration date naturally — it's important to have a process in place to determine which articles to retire or update. Knowledge as a service To be the most effective organization in building and maintaining KCS, leaders have to start thinking about knowledge as a service they’re providing to their employees. Industry-leading companies often empower centralized knowledge teams to oversee the process of creating and maintaining knowledge. They also: Set the standards of success at every level of KCS Manage change in the overall strategy Direct teams within other departments on how to build and document knowledge to support employees Have the formal authority to address knowledge gaps Ultimately, employees are looking for a seamless employee experience — they don’t want to wait several hours for simple tasks that block their productivity. Adopting knowledge centered services is a significant first step to addressing these concerns. To go beyond, consider creating a conversational AI strategy .
AI Terms Glossary: AI Terms To Know In 2023  Moveworks AI Term Glossary Your guide to AI terms curated by the Moveworks AI team. A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z A AI Copilot An AI copilot is a conversational interface that uses large language models to support users in various tasks and decision-making processes across multiple domains within an enterprise environment. Adapter Adapters are an advanced method for making pre-trained AI models adaptable to new tasks without complete retraining. These modules save time, money, and resources by efficiently repurposing existing models for different tasks in areas like natural language processing, computer vision, and robotics. Annotation Annotation is the process of labeling data with additional information to help machine learning algorithms understand and learn. Artificial General Intelligence (or "AGI") Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) refers to an AI system that possesses a wide range of cognitive abilities, much like humans, enabling them to learn, reason, adapt to new situations, and devise creative solutions across various tasks and domains, rather than being limited to specific tasks as narrow AI systems are. Artificial Intelligence (or “AI”) The simulation of human intelligence in machines that are programmed to think and learn like humans. Example: A self-driving car that can navigate and make decisions on its own using AI technology. Associative Memory Associative memory refers to a system's ability to store, retrieve, and process related information based on connections between elements, enabling it to efficiently identify and use relevant data for decision-making. C ChatGPT A chat interface built on top of GPT-3.5. GPT-3.5 is a large language model developed by OpenAI that is trained on a massive amount of internet text data and fine-tuned to perform a wide range of natural language tasks. Example: GPT-3.5 has been fine-tuned for tasks such as language translation, text summarization, and question answering. Chatbot A user-friendly interface that allows the user to ask questions and receive answers. Depending on the backend system that fuels the chatbot, it can be as basic as pre-written responses to a fully conversational AI that automates issue resolution. Controllability Controllability is the ability to understand, regulate, and manage an AI system's decision-making process, ensuring its accuracy, safety, and ethical behavior, and minimizing the potential for undesired consequences. Conversational AI A subfield of AI that focuses on developing systems that can understand and generate human-like language and conduct a back-and-forth conversation. Example: A chatbot that can understand and respond to customer inquiries in a natural and human-like manner. Cost of Large Language Models The cost of large language models primarily stems from their size and complexity, which demand significant computational power, storage, and resources for training and deployment. These factors can result in substantial expenses for building, maintaining, and using such models, sometimes amounting to several dollars per conversation or thousands of dollars per month. D Data Augmentation Data Augmentation is a technique used to artificially increase the size and diversity of a training set by creating modified copies of the existing data. It involves making minor changes such as flipping, resizing, or adjusting the brightness of images, to enhance the dataset and prevent models from overfitting. Deep Learning A subfield of ML that uses neural networks with multiple layers to learn from data. Example: A deep learning model that can recognize objects in an image by processing the image through multiple layers of neural networks. Deterministic Model A deterministic model follows a specific set of rules and conditions to reach a definite outcome, operating on a cause-and-effect basis. Discriminative Models Models that classify a data example and predict a label. For example, a model that identifies whether a picture is a dog or a cat. F Fine Tuning The process of adapting a pre-trained model to a specific task by training it on a smaller dataset. For example, an image classification model trained on all intersection pictures can be fine turned to detect when a car runs a red light. At Moveworks, we’ve been fine-tuning LLMs for enterprise support for years. Foundation Model Foundation models are a broad category of AI models which include large language models and other types of models such as computer vision and reinforcement learning models. They are called "foundation" models because they serve as the base upon which applications can be built, catering to a wide range of domains and use cases. G GPT-3 GPT-3 is the 3rd version of the GPT-n series of models. It has 175 billion parameters — knobs that can be tuned — with weights to make predictions. Chat-GPT uses GPT-3.5, which is another iteration of this model. GPT-4 GPT-4 is the latest model addition to OpenAI's deep learning efforts and is a significant milestone in scaling deep learning. GPT-4 is also the first of the GPT models that is a large multimodal model, meaning it accepts both image and text inputs and emits text outputs. Generative AI Generative AI models create new data by discovering patterns in data inputs or training data. For example, creating an original short story based on analyzing existing, published short stories. Generative adversarial networks (or "GANs") GANs are a powerful type of neural network capable of generating new, never-seen-before data that closely resembles the training data. Generative Pre-trained Transformer (or “GPT”) A type of deep learning model trained on a large dataset to generate human-like text, the underlying architecture of ChatGPT Grounding Grounding is the process of anchoring artificial intelligence (AI) systems in real-world experiences, knowledge, or data. The objective is to improve the AI's understanding of the world, so it can effectively interpret and respond to user inputs, queries, and tasks. Grounding helps AI systems become more context-aware, allowing them to provide better, more relatable, and relevant responses or actions. H Hallucination Hallucination refers to a situation wherein an AI system, especially one dealing with natural language processing, generates outputs that may be irrelevant, nonsensical, or incorrect based on the input provided. This often occurs when the AI system is unsure of the context, relies too much on its training data, or lacks a proper understanding of the subject matter. I Instruction-tuning Instruction-tuning is an approach where a pre-trained model is adapted to perform specific tasks by providing a set of guidelines or directives that outline the desired operation. L Large Language Model (or “LLM”) A type of deep learning model trained on a large dataset to perform natural language understanding and generation tasks. There are many famous LLMs like BERT, PaLM, GPT-2, GPT-3, GPT-3.5, and the groundbreaking GPT-4. All of these models vary in size (number of parameters that can be tuned), in the breadth of tasks (coding, chat, scientific, etc.), and in what they're trained on. Low-code Low-code is a visual approach to software development that enables faster delivery of applications through minimal hand-coding. M Machine Learning (or “ML”) A subfield of AI that involves the development of algorithms and statistical models that enable machines to improve their performance with experience. Example: A machine learning algorithm that can predict which customers are most likely to churn based on their past behavior. Multi-hop Reasoning Multi-hop is a term often used in natural language processing and, more specifically, machine reading comprehension tasks. It refers to the process by which an AI model retrieves answers to questions by connecting multiple pieces of information present in a given text or across various sources and systems, rather than directly extracting the information from a single passage. Multimodal Language Model Similar to a large language model, a multimodal language model is a type of deep learning model trained on large datasets, but unlike large language models which are only trained on textual data, multimodal language models are trained on both textual and non-textual data. This allows it to generate responses to multiple input modalities, like text, images, audio, and video. N N-Shot Learning Zero/Single/Few shot learning are variations of the same concept – providing a model with little or no training data to classify new data and guide predictions. A “shot” represents a single training example. Fun fact: Within the GPT prompt, you can ask for “N” examples to improve the accuracy of the response. Natural Language Ambiguity Natural language ambiguity refers to situations where a word, phrase, or sentence can have multiple meanings, making it challenging for both humans and AI systems to interpret correctly. Natural Language Generation (or “NLG”) A subfield of AI that produces natural written or spoken language. Natural Language Processing (or “NLP”) A subfield of AI that involves programming computers to process massive volumes of language data. Focuses on transforming free-form text into a standardized structure. Natural Language Understanding (or “NLU”) A subtopic of NLP that analyzes text to glean semantic meaning from written language. That means understanding context, sentiment, intent, etc. Neural Network A machine learning model inspired by the human brain's structure and function that's composed of layers of interconnected nodes or "neurons." Example: A neural network that can recognize handwritten digits with high accuracy. No-code No-code is an approach to designing and using applications that doesn't require any coding or knowledge of programming languages. O OpenAI The organization that developed ChatGPT. More broadly speaking, OpenAI is a research company that aims to develop and promote friendly AI responsibly. Example: OpenAI's GPT-3 model is one of the largest and most powerful language models available for natural language processing tasks. Optimization The process of adjusting the parameters of a model to minimize a loss function that measures the difference between the model's predictions and the true values. Example: Optimizing a neural network's parameters using a gradient descent algorithm to minimize the error between the model's predictions and the true values. Overfitting A problem that occurs when a model is too complex, performing well on the training data but poorly on unseen data. Example: A model that has memorized the training data instead of learning general patterns and thus performs poorly on new data. P Parameter-efficient Fine-tuning (or "PEFT") Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning, also known as PEFT, is an approach that helps you improve the performance of large AI models while optimizing for resources like time, energy, and computational power. To do this, PEFT focuses on adjusting a small number of key parameters while preserving most of the pretrained model's structure. Pre-training Training a model on a large dataset before fine-tuning it to a specific task. Example: Pre-training a language model like ChatGPT on a large corpus of text data before fine-tuning it for a specific natural language task such as language translation. Probabilistic Model A probabilistic AI model makes decisions based on probabilities or likelihoods. Prompt Engineering Identifying inputs — prompts — that result in meaningful outputs. As of now, prompt engineering is essential for LLMs. LLMs are a fusion of layers of algorithms and, consequently, have limited controllability with few opportunities to control and override behavior. An example of prompt engineering is providing a collection of templates and wizards to direct a copywriting application. R Reasoning AI reasoning is the process by which artificial intelligence systems solve problems, think critically, and create new knowledge by analyzing and processing available information, allowing them to make well-informed decisions across various tasks and domains. Recursive Prompting Recursive prompting is a strategy for guiding AI models like OpenAI's GPT-4 to produce higher-quality output. It involves providing the model with a series of prompts or questions that build upon previous responses, refining both the context and the AI's understanding to achieve the desired result. Reinforcement Learning A type of machine learning in which a model learns to make decisions by interacting with its environment and receiving feedback through rewards or penalties. GPT uses reinforcement learning from human feedback. When tuning GPT-3, human annotators provided examples of the desired model behavior and ranked outputs from the model. Responsible AI Responsible AI refers to the approach of creating, implementing, and utilizing AI systems with a focus on positively impacting employees, businesses, customers, and society as a whole, ensuring ethical intentions and fostering trust, which in turn enables companies to confidently scale their AI solutions. S Sequence Modeling A subfield of NLP that focuses on modeling sequential data such as text, speech, or time series data. Example: A sequence model that can predict the next word in a sentence or generate coherent text. Speech-to-text The process of converting spoken words into written text. Stacking Stacking is a technique in AI that combines multiple algorithms to enhance overall performance. By blending the strengths of various AI models, stacking compensates for each model's weaknesses and achieves a more accurate and robust output in diverse applications, such as image recognition and natural language processing. Steerability AI steerability refers to the ability to guide or control an AI system's behavior and output according to human intentions or specific objectives. This involves designing AI models with mechanisms that understand and adhere to the preferences provided by users, while avoiding unintended or undesirable outcomes. Improving steerability requires ongoing research and refinement, including techniques like fine-tuning, rule-based systems, and implementing additional human feedback loops during AI development. Supervised Learning A type of machine learning in which a model is trained on labeled data to make predictions about new, unseen data. Example: A supervised learning algorithm that can classify images of handwritten digits based on labeled training data. T Text-to-speech Text-to-speech (TTS) is a technology that converts written text into spoken voice output. It allows users to hear written content being read aloud, typically using synthesized speech. Tokenization The process of breaking text into individual words or subwords to input them into a language model. Example: Tokenizing a sentence "I am ChatGPT" into the words: “I,” “am,” “Chat,” “G,” and “PT.” Transformer A type of neural network architecture designed to process sequential data, such as text. Example: The transformer architecture is used in models like ChatGPT for natural language processing tasks. U Unsupervised Learning A type of machine learning in which a model is trained on unlabeled data to find patterns or features in the data. Example: An unsupervised learning algorithm that can cluster similar images of handwritten digits based on their visual features.
Cookie Policy  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks Cookie Policy Last Updated Sep 19, 2022 Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Moveworks Status Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . All Systems Operational Enterprise Messaging Integrations ? Health of the messaging platforms where Moveworks bots are deployed Operational Microsoft Teams ? Based on latest updates from Microsoft (https://portal.office.com/servicestatus) Operational Moveworks for Web ? Moveworks bots integrated within web portals (e.g. ServiceNow, Sharepoint) Operational Cisco Webex Teams ? Based on latest updates from Webex status page (https://status.webex.com/) Operational Google Chat ? Based on latest updates from Google apps status (https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard) Operational Slack Messaging ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Apps/Integrations/APIs ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Notifications ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Connections ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Access Skills Operational Account Access ? Managing password resets/updates, account lockouts, and MFA resets through the bot Operational Group Access ? Managing distribution list creations and additions through the bot Operational Software Access ? Provisioning access to software applications through the bot Operational Smart Forms ? Finding forms from your service catalog and submitting them through the bot Operational Enterprise Approvals ? Notifying approvers and allow them to take action on approvals from your enterprise systems Operational Answers ? Answers from knowledge base articles, FAQs, and public sources powered by Semantic Search Operational Concierge ? Creating tickets, adding comments, and getting status updates through the bot Operational Triage ? Routing support requests to the right experts using machine-learning predictions Operational Lookups ? People &amp; Places lookups Operational Message API ? Connects to enterprise tools &amp; data and sends messages to users natively through the bot Operational Business Queries ? Allows users to look up information from your business systems Operational Employee Experience Insights Operational Multilingual Support (MLS) Operational Creator Studio Operational Paths Workspace Operational Queries Workspace Operational Events Workspace Operational Control Center Operational Employee Communications ? Sending targeted communications to employees at scale Operational Performance Insights ? Dashboards to help you visualize every aspect of your AI deployment Operational Channel Resolver Operational Operational Degraded Performance Partial Outage Major Outage Maintenance Past Incidents Sep 30 , 2023 No incidents reported today. Sep 29 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 28 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 27 , 2023 Ticket processing degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Sep 27 , 17:18 UTC Monitoring - We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Sep 27 , 16:53 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Sep 27 , 16:25 UTC Sep 26 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 25 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 24 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 23 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 22 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 21 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 20 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 19 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 18 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 17 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 16 , 2023 Employee Communications degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Sep 16 , 01:41 UTC Monitoring - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Sep 15 , 21:44 UTC Update - A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Sep 15 , 20:12 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Sep 15 , 17:59 UTC ← Incident History Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google Privacy & Terms Privacy & Terms Overview Privacy Policy Terms of Service Technologies FAQ Google Account Privacy Policy Introduction Information Google collects Why Google collects data Your privacy controls Sharing your information Keeping your information secure Exporting & deleting your information Retaining your information Compliance & cooperation with regulators About this policy Related privacy practices Data transfer frameworks Key terms Partners Updates Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Take the Privacy Checkup Effective July 1, 2023  Archived versions  Download PDF Contents Introduction Information Google collects Why Google collects data Your privacy controls Sharing your information Keeping your information secure Exporting & deleting your information Retaining your information Compliance & cooperation with regulators About this policy Related privacy practices We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search for Videos you watch Views and interactions with content and ads Voice and audio information Purchase activity People with whom you communicate or share content Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Go to Google Account Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device IP address Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos. We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Go to My Ad Center Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Go to Privacy Checkup Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Go to Activity Controls Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services. Go to My Ad Center About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Go to About You Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Go to Shared Endorsements Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Go to My Activity Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Go to Dashboard Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. Go to Personal Info When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations. YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. Export your data To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Delete your entire Google Account Delete your information Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences. Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install Change your account password Suspend or terminate your account access Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations. Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit We offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your account We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. Export your data To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Delete your entire Google Account Delete your information Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed. Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs. We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services. And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: Chrome & the Chrome Operating System Payments Fiber Google Fi Google Workspace for Education Read Along YouTube Kids Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country) Family Link privacy guide for children & teens Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about: How Google uses cookies Technologies used for Advertising How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings. IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: 123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 - http://www.google.com/search?q=cars - Firefox 1.0.7; Windows NT 5.1 - 740674ce2123e969 123.45.67.89 is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 is the date and time of the query. http://www.google.com/search?q=cars is the requested URL, including the search query. Firefox 1.0.7; Windows NT 5.1 is the browser and operating system being used. 740674ce2123a969 is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack. The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users. services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls Gmail, for sending and receiving emails Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages Google Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: Afrikaans Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti English English (United Kingdom) Español Español (Latinoamérica) Euskara Filipino Français Français (Canada) Galego Hrvatski Isizulu Íslenska Italiano Kiswahili Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Srpski Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ελληνικά Български Русский Српски Українська ‫עברית‬ ‫اردو‬ ‫العربية‬ ‫فارسی‬ አማርኛ मराठी हिन्दी বাংলা ગુજરાતી தமிழ் తెలుగు ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം ไทย 한국어 中文 (香港) 中文（简体中文） 中文（繁體中文） 日本語 Google About Google Privacy Terms Transparency Center Google apps Main menu
Chatbot vs. Conversational AI: Key Differences  Moveworks Chatbot vs. conversational AI: the key difference you need to know If you’re a business leader who’s responsible for the employee experience, you’ve definitely heard the words “chatbot” and “conversational AI'' thrown around a lot. So, it’s important to understand the difference. By reading this guide, not only will you be able to identify the key distinction between traditional chatbots and ones that use conversational AI, you’ll also be able to evaluate which kind of bot will create the most impact for your organization. What’s the difference between a conventional chatbot and true conversational AI? Organizations use knowledge-centered service to gain visibility into every aspect of the knowledge support environment within their business. By managing, distributing, and tracking knowledge across the whole enterprise, leaders can more quickly resolve employees' problems — and in many cases, prevent incidents from happening before they arise. In action, this looks like detailed documentation, knowledge sharing, and data-driven insights into how knowledge actually gets used. What’s a conventional chatbot? When most people talk about a conventional chatbot, what they’re referring to is a text-only bot that relies on keyword matching to answer the most basic FAQs. This kind of bot relies on a team of engineers to build every single flow, and if the employees deviate from the pre-built script, the bot will not be able to keep up. There are different levels of sophistication for chatbots — but all conventional chatbots rely on a team of engineers to anticipate employees’ needs. They depend on a pre-deterministic approach. We’ve written in-depth about natural language understanding (NLU) — and why conventional chatbots get it wrong so much of the time. What’s a conversational AI chatbot? Conversational AI enables chatbots to mimic the unpredictability of human conversation, keeping up with the concert of human thought. These chatbots can switch topics on the fly without getting confused — and they can identify when you’ve changed subjects immediately. But most importantly, with conversational AI, chatbots can actually learn. These kinds of chatbots use probabilistic machine learning models to keep up with the users’ needs, hold contextual conversations, and make snap decisions. Conversational AI uses both natural language understanding (NLU) and conversational flow management (CFM) to understand what the user wants, and how to proceed with the next steps. How do these differences affect the employee experience? The employee experience is defined by the support they receive in these three stages: How seamlessly they can report their problem How comprehensively the chatbot can understand the reported problem How the chatbot decides to resolve the issue Chatbots handle these three stages differently. In other words, conventional chatbots take a different approach to this process than bots that use conversational AI. This difference has a big effect on the employee experience. Let’s dig in. How do employees report their problems with conventional chatbots vs. bots that use conversational AI? It’s easier to identify the differences between these two frameworks when users first begin a conversation with their bot. When an employee runs into an issue and needs help, a conventional chatbot will present them with options — three to five at least. By surfacing only a few solutions, the bot is effectively telling the employee, “here are the only things I can successfully help you with.” On the other hand, a conversational AI chatbot will let the user initiate the interaction without limitations. It’s as if you’re talking to your favorite IT agents. Users can submit any issues they have to the bot — they’re not limited to three to five options that exist in the bot’s script. They’ll find that even when AI can’t solve their problems, it can direct them to the right people who can. How well can conventional chatbots vs. conversational AI chatbots understand an issue? As the conversation with their bot continues, the employee may need to add additional context or clarify the issue at hand. A conventional chatbot, even in the best-case scenario, will try to find the right dialogue flow. Let's say you got lucky and what you needed help with was one of the three options presented at the beginning. You clicked into it. Now, the conventional bot will take you through the decision tree its engineers built for that option. It’ll ask for your role, your location, and any other information the decision tree is required to collect. This whole experience causes a lot of frustration for employees. Why? Because it’s annoying to answer questions that aren’t relevant to your problem. Or to find the right buzzword to be directed to an agent. Alternatively, conversational AI bots stack probabilistic machine learning models to take the context of employees’ problems into account. A conversational AI chatbot already knows basic information about the user to help answer their questions faster. It knows whether it’s interacting with the CEO or a new hire. And it will adjust its actions accordingly — no scripting necessary. How does a conventional chatbot vs. a conversational AI chatbot work toward resolutions differently? At the final stages of the conversation, now that the chatbot (hopefully) understands the problem, it needs to work towards a resolution. A conventional chatbot is going to trigger a workflow, depending on which branch of the decision tree you’ve ended up at. Each of the potentially thousands of branches will have an action pre-programmed from the start. It’s impossible for even a team of IT agents to constantly monitor and update these actions — even if they could, there are multiple resolutions for one issue. The difference with conversational AI — and its probabilistic approach — is that the chatbot can come up with the best solution, tailored for that specific employee, exactly when they ask. It takes into account all contextual information, goes through your knowledge base, and surfaces the best solution — whether it’s an entire knowledge article or a single sentence. By using probability, a conversational AI chatbot will understand — and react to — all the nuances that are present when an employee has a problem. The mark of a truly mature support process is a great employee experience. To this in action, read about how Palo Alto Networks leveled up their employee experience.
Data Processing Addendum  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Data Processing Addendum Last updated April 2023 Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Moveworks Status Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . All Systems Operational Enterprise Messaging Integrations ? Health of the messaging platforms where Moveworks bots are deployed Operational Microsoft Teams ? Based on latest updates from Microsoft (https://portal.office.com/servicestatus) Operational Moveworks for Web ? Moveworks bots integrated within web portals (e.g. ServiceNow, Sharepoint) Operational Cisco Webex Teams ? Based on latest updates from Webex status page (https://status.webex.com/) Operational Google Chat ? Based on latest updates from Google apps status (https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard) Operational Slack Messaging ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Apps/Integrations/APIs ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Notifications ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Connections ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Access Skills Operational Account Access ? Managing password resets/updates, account lockouts, and MFA resets through the bot Operational Group Access ? Managing distribution list creations and additions through the bot Operational Software Access ? Provisioning access to software applications through the bot Operational Smart Forms ? Finding forms from your service catalog and submitting them through the bot Operational Enterprise Approvals ? Notifying approvers and allow them to take action on approvals from your enterprise systems Operational Answers ? Answers from knowledge base articles, FAQs, and public sources powered by Semantic Search Operational Concierge ? Creating tickets, adding comments, and getting status updates through the bot Operational Triage ? Routing support requests to the right experts using machine-learning predictions Operational Lookups ? People &amp; Places lookups Operational Message API ? Connects to enterprise tools &amp; data and sends messages to users natively through the bot Operational Business Queries ? Allows users to look up information from your business systems Operational Employee Experience Insights Operational Multilingual Support (MLS) Operational Creator Studio Operational Paths Workspace Operational Queries Workspace Operational Events Workspace Operational Control Center Operational Employee Communications ? Sending targeted communications to employees at scale Operational Performance Insights ? Dashboards to help you visualize every aspect of your AI deployment Operational Channel Resolver Operational Operational Degraded Performance Partial Outage Major Outage Maintenance Past Incidents Sep 30 , 2023 No incidents reported today. Sep 29 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 28 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 27 , 2023 Ticket processing degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Sep 27 , 17:18 UTC Monitoring - We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Sep 27 , 16:53 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Sep 27 , 16:25 UTC Sep 26 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 25 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 24 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 23 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 22 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 21 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 20 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 19 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 18 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 17 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 16 , 2023 Employee Communications degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Sep 16 , 01:41 UTC Monitoring - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Sep 15 , 21:44 UTC Update - A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Sep 15 , 20:12 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Sep 15 , 17:59 UTC ← Incident History Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Moveworks Achieves ISO 27001 Certification Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks achieves ISO 27001 certification Vaibhav Nivargi, CTO Kyle Hirai, Head of IT & Security March 4, 2020 linkedin facebook twitter email Great news! Moveworks has been certified under ISO 27001. ISO 27001 is a leading global standard for building a secure organization — one that guards both its corporate and customer assets against loss and unauthorized use. For Moveworks to become certified, an independent audit firm rigorously reviewed our approach to protecting the integrity of our organization and systems, as well as our measures to guard the confidentiality of the customer data with which we’ve been entrusted. In short, our ISO 27001 certification shows that Moveworks follows industry-leading practices to keep your information safe and to react effectively at the first sign of a security issue. ISO 27001 certification marks a significant step in the security and compliance component of the Moveworks service, which has been integral to our company’s DNA from the very beginning. Most organizations take years to get certified — often overhauling their entire digital infrastructure in the process. But Moveworks managed to earn its certification just ten months after coming out of stealth mode, in large part because we’d structured not only our technical infrastructure but also our organization as a whole for robust security. AI security culture At a time when security breaches have become so frequent that we take them for granted, Moveworks views data protection as the critical foundation of our digital world. We believe that those who use online services should have the confidence to assume data privacy is a given — not a new source of risk. That’s why every single Moveworks employee and contractor undergoes comprehensive security training, while our leadership ensures all team members adhere to the Moveworks Information Security Management System, which enumerates internationally accepted best practices for data protection. In addition, we’ve embraced several measures to comply with stringent data protection laws like GDPR and CCPA : for example, we grant data access only to those employees who need it and retain customer data for a limited time. Security is a primary consideration in every decision we make — not just for our technical teams but across the company — because businesses simply cannot succeed without the trust of their customers. AI security architecture The same logic applies to our array of best-in-class controls that ensure the confidentiality and integrity of customer data at all access points, since no digital infrastructure is immune to human error and malicious cyber-attacks. Sensitive information — including customer conversations, system keys, and tokens — is encrypted in transit and at rest. Moveworks stores encryption keys securely and rotates them periodically. When it comes to our internal technology stack, we institute mandatory two-factor authentication for all employees on all applications where it is supported. And before deciding to implement a new third-party cloud service, we assess the type of data that would be stored there, as well as that vendor’s security practices to ensure they meet our high standards. AI security readiness Moveworks’ security readiness and vulnerability management efforts span our product lifecycle, from security-focused design reviews to external and internal security testing. During the product planning and design phase, we consider the potential security risks associated with each product or feature, including enhancements to our product’s cloud environment or a new system integration. We conduct biannual, third-party penetration tests and vulnerability scans on all such changes to our technology — always with an eye on eliminating risk and reinforcing our defenses against likely attack vectors. Moveworks provides clear communication and fast handling of security events, as set forth in the Moveworks Incident Response Policy. Our state-of-the-art security stack detects potential incidents, allowing the Moveworks security team to respond quickly. We continuously evaluate our procedures and systems to keep pace with changes in the threat landscape. An ongoing journey Running a secure service has been a top focus of the Moveworks leadership and team since the company was founded, and we're pleased to have achieved ISO 27001 certification quickly as a result. But while this milestone validates our commitment to the integrity of the processes, people, and technology that power our machine learning platform, it has only inspired us to accelerate our security-related efforts moving forward. Indeed, getting ISO 27001 certified was just one of many pit stops on the security roadmap we created early on in our company’s journey. Among the future goals on that roadmap are SOC 2 compliance — Type 1 and Type 2 — as well as compliance with sector-specific regulations like HIPAA and FedRAMP. Thank you for your continued support. To learn more, please contact us at security@moveworks.ai . best practices security news More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Request a demo  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection ONE CONVERSATIONAL INTERFACE, ENDLESS POSSIBILITIES First Name Last Name Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you! Someone from our team will be in touch with you shortly. Enterprise-wide automation Moveworks empowers you to build any conversational AI use case on the Moveworks platform in minutes, enabling organization-wide impact. Connect systems with language Instant IT support Moveworks automatically resolves employees’ tech issues, like resetting passwords, provisioning software, managing approvals, and more. Deliver instant IT support Personalized HR help Moveworks provides instant HR help, like answering benefits questions, announcing new policies, facilitating onboarding, and more. Automate your HR help Easy change management Moveworks lets leaders send the right message to the right people at the right time — making change happen overnight. Manage change effortlessly Unparalleled service measurement Moveworks analyzes support tickets and reveals hidden insights, so you can optimize processes and prioritize initiatives for your highest impact employees. Turn tickets into action We automate the busywork. Our customers change the world. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Task automation: a guide to measuring impact  Moveworks Task automation: a guide to measuring impact Your team is spending too much time on repetitive tasks. Organizations across industries are using task automation to work around this problem. Some form of service desk automation is nearly ubiquitous. But how can you identify impact areas specific to your company in order to get buy-in from your leadership? When done methodically, automation will elevate your employee experience, take the burden off of your service desk agents, and save you millions. It can be challenging to demonstrate this impact, especially since it’s often spread throughout the organization. We’ve worked with a lot of IT leaders to help them map out exactly what automation can do for their organizations. And now we’re ready to share what we learned with you. Here’s your guide. What’s task automation? Task automation is a subset of automation that uses specific tools to eliminate repetitive and manual tasks that often bog teams down. IT teams typically implement this approach the most but isn’t limited to them. Because you’re automating away repetitive tasks, the impact of task automation can’t be narrowed down to only cost savings. A lot of factors come into play, including process acceleration, risk avoidance, and the overall employee experience. Task automation works alongside your team to cut out busy work, enabling your existing employees to create more value. Rather than replacing jobs, task automation provides value by bringing more time and meaning to high-priority work. When you frame task automation along those lines, it’s much easier to communicate its value to leadership. How to think about the value of task automation You miss the complete value of task automation when you focus on FTE avoidance alone. Automation can have an impact on your entire organization, and driving automation requires buy-in from your entire leadership team. When communicating the value of task automation, focus on: Cost ownership. How much time and money will onboarding an automation tool cost? What are the ROI projections? Cross-org wins. How will every single team benefit from automation? Specific wins. Which projects will see immediate acceleration? How will automation change your roadmap? You can start with cost savings as you’re scoping impact. But to truly quantify the impact of automation, you need to take a holistic approach. Use the following categories as a starting point: 1. Time and cost savings The immediate benefit of automation is a reduction in costs. You can measure this reduction in two ways: Recurring cost reduction. You used to spend X on vendors, subscriptions, services, FTEs, and now (post-automation), you now spend Y. Cost reclamation. Every time we perform this automated task, we reclaim X amount of money, and we’ve performed this task Y times. Task automation will also alter your goals and eliminate the need for certain projects. Project cost avoidance. You planned to spend X on a project, but since you automated, you only need to spend Y. There are many subject matter experts across your organization that spend their time and energy answering the same questions and creating knowledge base articles across similar groups of topics. Automation can step in. The impact of time saved can be seen through: Manual effort eliminated. A task used to take X amount of manual effort from a subject matter expert, and now it takes Y. What is the SME’s hourly, daily, or annual rate for that amount of time? Manual effort on task oversight. You need X number of FTEs overseeing or maintaining this task, and after automation, you need Y. 2. Process acceleration Every task can’t be automated, unfortunately. However, issues that can’t be automated can be accelerated through task automation. This impact is significant as well. To measure: Time saved on task execution. A task used to take X amount of time to complete and now, through acceleration, takes Y. Task completion rate. Without automation, X% of XYZ tasks were completed within a determined time frame. With automation, Y% of XYZ tasks are completed W% faster. 3. Risk avoidance With task automation, you can ensure perfect repeatability, without human error. As a result, organizations are able to avoid many forms of risk. You can measure this in three ways: Incidence occurrence reduction. The failure to comply rate used to be X, and now they are Y. Cost avoidance of failure to comply. Non-compliance on certain tasks used to cost X, and since the implementation of automation, we’ve avoided that Y times. Error rate reduction. Your error rate in completing this task used to be X%, and now it’s Y%. When service desk agents are stuck doing the same repetitive tasks day after day, mistakes are going to happen — it’s human nature. Task automation can help dramatically lower this risk across the board. 4. Compliance Automation can have a significant impact on compliance. You can measure it against these three methods: SLA adherence. Your SLA rating used to be X, but it’s now Y. Audit trail compliance. X% of Y tasks are used to circumvent the correct process. Now, it’s Y% Incident/breach avoidance. We used to deal with X incidents per month. Now we deal with Y. 5. Employee Experience Lastly, automation is sure to transform your employee experience. Providing fast, frictionless support will create an impact across the board — through cost savings, productivity, and morale. To measure this, use these numbers: Employee wait time eliminated. How long were employees waiting for a resolution? How would you value that wait time? Would you measure productivity through revenue per employee? Feedback lift. Your previous feedback rating was X, now it’s Y. Experience improvement. This task used to take X clicks to complete. Now, it takes Y. Response rate. It used to take X time to respond or notify employees. Now it takes Y time. Task coverage. X% of employees used to be able to do XYZ, but now Y% can. Employee productivity. To understand the effects of automation, look at the time your team has won back to work on other projects. At Moveworks, we assign a percentage to tasks that impact productivity — software provision is on the higher end of that scale, for example. Task automation is just the beginning of completely transforming the way we work. Creating a conversational AI strategy can take you further on the road to transformation. Now that you know how to measure the success of automated tools, you can easily evaluate and onboard the appropriate tool for your organization.
Our AI-Powered Concierge to Speed Up IT Support  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Time is money: We built an AI-powered Concierge to speed up IT support Anand Sainath, Software Engineer Sushanth Bhaskarabhatla, Product Manager Quinn Sure, Product Manager August 13, 2020 linkedin facebook twitter email At Moveworks, we talk a lot about how slow IT support limits productivity and lowers the bottom line. Particularly with the majority of US employees now reliant on technology to get anything done during work-from-home, solving tech issues faster has become business-critical. When an application isn’t working or you can’t log into an account, you can no longer tap the shoulder of the IT professional sitting next to you. If you’re locked out, you’re locked out. Regular readers of this blog know that AI can resolve many tech issues instantly, with no involvement from the help desk. About half of these issues are relatively routine — unlocking accounts, provisioning software, creating email lists — yet still take an average of three days to address using the traditional approach. Our primary focus is eliminating that delay from end to end: Employees describe their problems to our chatbot, and Moveworks solves them seconds later. But what about complicated, high-touch requests, which require experts to resolve? These are the issues that often drag on for weeks, that take multiple interactions between employee and IT team, and that sometimes get lost in the shuffle for good. After analyzing millions of such complex requests, we identified three fundamental challenges: Every back-and-forth between the employee and IT team adds a 1.75-day delay. The standard channels for these back-and-forths — email and support portals — don’t complement employees’ regular workflows. There’s simply too much information for IT teams alone to manage. With the above challenges in mind, we spent the last several years engineering, testing, and implementing a single solution. The result of that effort is Moveworks Concierge: an AI system that accelerates IT issue resolution , while also providing unprecedented visibility for both employees and service desks. In this post, we’ll explain our journey from idea to impact. More communication means slower resolution When tech issues take forever to fix, it’s usually because they involve lots of back-and-forth communication between IT teams and employees. At a time when other types of communication occur in seconds, exchanges with IT still span days. The primary culprit is the way IT teams engage with employees: email and siloed support portals . These channels live outside employees’ regular workflows and aren’t inherently interactive , so when high-touch issues require several conversations to complete, the whole process comes to a grinding halt: While most IT issues require less than two comments to resolve, high-touch issues that need more comments significantly increase the mean time to resolution, or MTTR. The fundamental obstacle here is that IT agents need to take action every single time an issue progresses , whether the employee is asking for a status update or the IT team needs business justification. The result? Help desk agents read through thousands of ticket comments each month — an endless queue that makes communication delays inevitable. Reducing that delay from days down to just seconds is a task tailor-made for an AI system, provided it could: Understand the language employees naturally use when talking to the IT team Intelligently manage thousands of IT interactions , so nothing gets lost in the shuffle Handle everything on the enterprise messaging tool , rather than via email or portal We created Concierge to tackle these core challenges. With advanced natural language understanding (NLU), Concierge could converse directly with employees — without help desk agents needing to intervene. But in order to do so, we had to rethink such communication from the bottom up. Thousands of IT conversations — in real time How do you make communication instant and interactive? Step one is to acknowledge that email is broken, so simply moving the conversation to Slack or Microsoft Teams — where most of us now spend the workday — is a game-changer. Rapid collaboration on these messaging tools is the new normal, and we believe IT support should be no exception. However, bombarding employees with constant Slack and Teams messages is not the answer, since such an approach becomes just as cluttered as email — and just as likely to be ignored. Employees respond immediately on the messaging tool because conversations there tend to be time-sensitive and important to their job . The key for Concierge, then, would be to meet that expectation with AI — surfacing only relevant information to cut through the noise. If successful, we knew Concierge would speed up tech support every step of the way. Unlike emails, which can sit unread for days or even weeks, Concierge is designed to take advantage of the nature of Slack and Teams to conduct thousands of IT conversations in real time. From allowing employees to check the status of their issues, to nudging the help desk when those issues remain unresolved, Concierge would ensure that IT help happens as quickly as other enterprise workflows. Concierge comprises numerous capabilities — three of which are especially responsible for accelerating resolution: Concierge saves time and money for IT teams Needless to say, what matters isn’t just good ideas but actual results. That’s why Moveworks analyzed over one million IT tickets from across our customer base. What we discovered was an even more profound impact than we anticipated. When employees engaged with the Concierge capabilities above — Engage, Status, and Nudge — we found an average decrease in MTTR of 57.4%. In other words, Concierge cut the average resolution time for high-touch IT issues in half. Faster resolution time for the average IT issue, by individual Moveworks Concierge capability. Crucially, this acceleration does not disrupt backend workflows or force IT teams to adjust to a new process. Instead, Concierge handles employee-facing communication and uses AI to drive faster engagement, enabling those teams to concentrate on resolving issues. We built Concierge to do what AI does best — manage a mind-numbing amount of information — to complement the areas where IT specialists excel. “One of the many things that I use Moveworks for, quite frequently, is inquiring on the status of my open tickets, and that’s something any employee can do instantly. The bot takes care of the communication for us — freeing up my team to work on bigger value-add work.” Russ Harris VP Operations, AppDynamics For the large enterprises that have already implemented Concierge — Equinix , Autodesk , Broadcom , Nutanix , and Medallia , to name a few — such time savings translate directly to profits. With multimillion-dollar IT budgets to maximize, better efficiency means not only fewer delays for employees but also more resources to allocate on other projects. In the era of remote work, productive employees are those who collaborate on tools like Slack and Microsoft Teams, in real time, wherever they’re located. Concierge brings this new normal to IT communications, allowing employees to add comments, receive updates, and request action on tech issues on the messaging tool. From a financial perspective, of course, IT organizations that don’t eliminate friction with AI are leaving money on the table. But beyond the bottom line, Concierge empowers IT teams to support employees at the speed of modern business. Contact Moveworks to learn how AI can speed up your IT support. product features More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Forrester Webinar: LLMs for Enterprise Leaders  Moveworks Demystifying LLMs and GPT for Enterprise Leaders with Forrester Duration: 40 minutes In the wake of ChatGPT, there is a lot of buzz around what generative and conversational AI means for the enterprise. In this fireside chat, Moveworks Co-Founder and President Varun Singh will be joined by Forrester Analyst Will McKeon White to help business leaders separate the signal from the noise and think strategically about the new landscape, its opportunities, and its risks. View to learn: What generative and conversational AI mean for the enterprise — now and tomorrow How to think strategically about enterprise AI and avoid potential pitfalls What you need to consider when evaluating AI vendors Watch the on-demand webinar now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy .
Multilingual chatbot built to support global teams  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks is Multilingual The only AI platform built to support global teams. Every employee deserves instant support, no matter what language they speak. With Moveworks, employees get support in seconds — simply by asking for help in their native tongue. Most help desks struggle to support a global workforce: they process thousands of urgent requests from employees, at all hours of the day. But Moveworks resolves these requests in more than 100 languages, completely automatically, so your help desk can deliver high-speed support from Tokyo to Paris to Berlin. SPA ENG POR FRE GER ITA CHN KOR JPN Support a Global Workforce. Instantly. Provides a seamless experience to every employee. Moveworks provides truly multilingual support to employees in their native language. No training required: employees can get help just by asking. And when they switch languages, Moveworks adapts on a dime. Built to understand support issues in any language. Moveworks is a one-stop shop for every employee to submit every issue — in every language. Our platform goes well beyond translation to interpret enterprise jargon, including conference room names, email groups, and company policies. It’s engineered to understand the way employees request help at work. Delivers personalized solutions to enable self-service. Moveworks provides the right solution to employees’ requests, such as snippets from knowledge articles in the appropriate language. Our platform ingests thousands of support resources, the moment they’re published, so employees don’t need to go digging for what they need. Multilingual conversations. No script needed. Moveworks is designed to engage employees on their terms, without following a script. Now, our platform can switch languages and determine the ideal response on the fly — using machine learning models trained on more than 250 million support requests. Especially with a multilingual workforce, your support platform needs to hold dynamic conversations to resolve every unique issue. That’s why our conversation engine continuously learns from each interaction, allowing Moveworks to provide a simple, unscripted experience to employees around the world. An unprecedented understanding of language. Moveworks uses advanced natural language understanding (NLU) to determine exactly what employees need. By building upon our deep knowledge of enterprise terminology, our platform can interpret requests however they’re phrased. This level of NLU requires layers of machine learning models. Our approach allows Moveworks to detect languages with 98% accuracy, make sense of ambiguous entities, correct for grammar and spelling, and identify terms unique to each company. Personalized help across the globe. Moveworks solves support issues end-to-end by scouring your company for the most useful solution — in the appropriate language. Our platform automatically ingests support resources the moment they’re live, then ranks them with probabilistic machine learning, based on their relevance for the employee. Support teams create knowledge articles that contain an incredible level of detail. To make that information accessible to employees, we evolved our semantic search system to find the relevant snippet of information across multiple languages. Scale instant support across the globe First Name Last Name Email  Company  Phone By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates Moveworks needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, check out our Privacy Policy . Got it! A member of the Moveworks team will contact you soon! Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Why are organizations choosing service desk automation?  Moveworks Why are organizations choosing service desk automation? Category-leading companies know that employee experience is important now more than ever. That’s why the best organizations pride themselves on being able to deliver incredible support to every employee — instantly. But, only industry-leading organizations know how to deliver the best support while also: Minimizing burnout within support teams Meeting their employees where they are — in enterprise chat platforms Delivering equitable support across global teams at a scale In an era when personalized experiences are the norm, organizations are far behind in providing the same. Employees are burnt out. The last thing they need is to wait multiple days for help. So, organizations are using service desk automation to unlock a frictionless employee experience and optimize the IT team. What is true service desk automation? Service desk automation is the process of using machine learning and conversational AI to streamline repetitive tasks. It provides service agents with a single platform to resolve customer issues with minimum effort so that they can focus on high-impact work. True automation will offer employees end-to-end support, without relegating your IT agents to building out workflows. What problems does automation solve? Right now, agents and employees alike are having a tough time solving for fast employee support. Employees are unable to get fast support for three main reasons: Crucial information is scattered across multiple knowledge bases — making it impossible to find the right one in a timely manner. Enterprise search systems can’t match employee issues with solutions. Employees send thousands of emails to IT agents to solve simple issues, effectively overwhelming support. IT agents are overwhelmed because: They're stuck on mundane tasks, like finding the right knowledge base article. They don’t have any visibility into employee issues — preventing them from addressing the root of the problems — relegating them to a world of nonstop, low-level maintenance. Onboarding is an endless cycle of answering the same questions. To solve all these issues, organizations are turning to an AI service desk and adopting knowledge centered services — with great results. Building an in-house tool vs buying a tool that integrates When it comes to introducing service desk automation into your organization, there are two approaches you can take: Build your own automation processes in-house or Onboard an out-of-box solution for end-to-end automation There are benefits and challenges to both , so let’s dive in. Build-your-own tools Some organizations choose to build tools in-house. This can offer up a lot of flexibility for service teams to incorporate edge cases, save money in the long run, and align your automation strategy with your organization’s “build in-house” culture. If you have a large team of developers that are passionate about building dialogue flows, customizable scripts, and getting into the nitty-gritty of the building process, building your own tools can be beneficial. It's important to consider what resources you have on offer before building your own in-house automation tool — this approach requires a lot of manual effort, but can be hugely beneficial in the long run. Out-of-the-box service desk automation Other organizations choose to implement an existing automation tool. the most effective way to rapidly scale your service desk, without piling work onto your IT team or having to onboard new members. Industry-leading organizations are choosing to pursue this route for many reasons, including: Faster time to value. Because you don’t have to spend time building out each automation, you can start solving problems and creating impact right away. Lower cost of ownership. The right tools will need very little oversight — it won’t be necessary to dedicate an entire team to maintain it.zz Benefits of Service Desk Automation No matter which way you choose to automate your service desk, there’s a whole host of benefits that can create a wide-ranging impact. Automation can easily transform your business processes and make your entire organization — from IT agents to employees — a more productive, happier workforce. Let’s take a closer look: 1. Transform business processes Employees are constantly interacting with existing business processes — through onboarding, requesting access, routine communications, and so much more. Automation is an opportunity to streamline all interactions employees have with the help desk to ease massive amounts of day-to-day friction. Automation is also a massive cost-savings method. It takes, on average, 30 hours for a service desk agent to resolve a ticket, whereas automation can enable self-service and give agents back their time. 2. Increase IT efficiency Right now, service desk agents may spend their days running after mundane tasks — resetting passwords, routing tickets, or directing people to the right knowledge base article. With service desk automation, organizations can turn the corner towards faster resolution without overburdening agents with manual help. 3. Decrease employee support wait times Automation can solve common problems instantly, dramatically reducing wait times for employees. Of course, there will always be issues that only a help desk agent can solve. While agents are working on that, you can automate standard employee communications — updating them on the ticket, and keeping them in the loop. With the right automation strategy, you can even proactively engage with employees — solving issues before they become tickets, answering questions before they become blockers. To put this into context, let’s apply these benefits to some everyday use cases. Top 3 service desk automation use cases Based on Moveworks data, we know that successful organizations use machine learning and automation for the following three use cases the most effectively: Resetting authentication Provisioning software Sending employee communications These use cases come up on a daily basis and every employee is blocked by them multiple times during their tenure. At first glance, an employee facing several challenges during their tenure doesn’t seem like a huge problem. But multiply that with every employee you have. And others who are blocked as a result. Easing day-to-day friction for every employee can be a game-changer. Automation is able to alleviate that pain — and more — exponentially.
Performance Insights Dashboards  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Performance Insights Dashboards The Performance Insights Dashboards provide comprehensive visibility over your Moveworks bot. With nearly 100 individual charts and metrics, these dashboards visualize every aspect of your AI deployment, from the number of employees engaging with the bot to the percentage of all IT issues Moveworks resolves autonomously. Download the datasheet High-level view of Moveworks’ value and impact High-level view of Moveworks’ value and impact For CIOs and other executives, the Performance Insights Dashboards showcase the high-level impact of Moveworks, headlined by the percentage of all employee-submitted IT issues resolved autonomously. With easy-to-digest visualizations presented on a single screen, busy executives can determine Moveworks’ ROI at a glance. Real-time breakdown of employee engagement with Moveworks Real-time breakdown of employee engagement with Moveworks Leaders who oversee the service desk, employee experience, and end-user support need to track shifts and patterns in how Moveworks helps employees. Our dashboards visualize detailed data on bot interaction trends, arming these leaders with the up-to-date knowledge they need to make informed decisions. Data-rich reporting on your IT support investments Data-rich reporting on your IT support investments For business application owners, technical writers, and other specialists concerned with the precise allocation of IT resources, these dashboards reveal employees’ most common tech issues and troubleshooting questions. The dashboards provide a comprehensive performance analysis of individual Moveworks skills and shed light on the most requested knowledge articles. We use the dashboards in our regular reviews of service desk activities — not only to understand the impact Moveworks is having on Level 1 support, but also to identify gaps in our existing resources. We can quickly determine how much work the bot is handling and where to focus our attention. Erica Callaghan, Manager of Global Technology & Solutions, Broadcom Interested? Learn more. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
5 Help Desk Metrics and Benchmarks IT Leaders Should Know  Moveworks 5 Help Desk Metrics and Benchmarks IT Leaders Should Know in 2023 The most important responsibility of your IT help desk is to ensure employees get the support they need — quickly. But how do you measure “quick”? To help you contextualize your team’s performance, we analyzed IT ticket data from over 100 companies. We found a dramatic difference between industry-average and industry-leading companies in their mean time to resolution (MTTR). Industry-leading IT teams solved issues in less than half the time. This is a direct result of several key innovations in the IT support process, particularly the use of automation and AI. How long are employees waiting for support? This data represents a sample with selected type of issues. In this report, we provide help desk benchmarks for high-touch issues, access requests, troubleshooting questions, approvals, and overall MTTR. Across the board, we see a growing divide between the companies that have leaned into innovation and those that haven’t. High-touch issues submitted to the help desk Employees with high-touch issues depend on subject matter experts for solutions. Fixing a broken printer or reconfiguring Salesforce requires more than a single help desk agent. When it comes to high-touch issues, you might assume that automation might hurt, not help. Instead, we’ve found automation is particularly crucial when it comes to solving high-touch issues. When employees submit a high-touch issue, how long are they waiting for support? The difference in wait time between average and leading organizations is nearly 27 hours. Why? Best-in-class organizations triage issues to the right person, improve communications between stakeholders, and accelerate comments. But this can be difficult to manage. With AI, however, companies are able to take much of the friction out of solving these complex functions. To help employees, you need to first understand what they’re asking for. Using NLU (natural language understanding) and NLP (natural language processing) models, industry-leading companies can significantly speed up complicated processes. Access issues There are several use cases — password resets, account unlocks — where it might take an agent minutes to perform the task, but the ticket sits in the queue for hours. Industry-leading companies use this as an opportunity to introduce a back-end automation tool to trigger workflows. The difference is shocking: a 15-hour discrepancy that employees experience whenever they’re locked out of an account. How long do employees wait for access? In the age of hybrid work, not all employees are able to walk over to their favorite help desk agent and describe their problem in seconds. Leading companies use AI to transition that experience, seamlessly, to a digital workplace. Troubleshooting questions All help desks have a collection of knowledge base articles, documenting solutions that only specialists at the company would know. Innovative leaders use AI to transform these long, hard-to-reach articles into bite-sized solutions. In conventional organizations, it takes a lot of time and effort from the help desk agent to offer a customized solution to an employee, impacting wait times. How long do employees wait to get their questions answered? There’s a 10-hour difference in wait time between companies that leverage automation and those that don’t. Employees expect personalized solutions, and IT agents spend hours gathering information before coming up with the perfect answer. At leading companies, this process is automated — AI is used to gather all context around employee requests, so help desk agents can have a 360-degree view while answering questions. The impact of approvals There are some use cases that need managerial input. But getting a manager’s attention can be tough at times. How long are employees waiting for approvals? People wait nearly 40 hours for approvals due to the primary mode of communication: email and siloed support channels. But automated support happens in real time. In this category, leading organizations are able to attack the root of the problem: poor communication. Industry-leading companies have incorporated conversational AI to bring these requests to an enterprise chat platform, allowing managers to give approvals as soon as they see their employees’ messages. To move from an average company to one that’s leading the pack, you will have to prioritize the employee experience. Conversational AI is a powerful tool , with limitless applications. It can help your help desk agents eliminate their pain points and significantly reduce employees’ wait times.
Support a hybrid work model with these 4 best practices  Moveworks Support a hybrid work model with these 4 best practices We’ve analyzed industry-average and industry-leading companies and found a large disparity between the two. Now, we turn our attention to hybrid work. IT teams are starting to support a hybrid workforce for the first time while figuring out best practices. It’s difficult as employees are dependent on scattered technology, inter-company communication is challenging, and IT teams can only do so much in a day. Companies are exploring the hybrid work model best practices, and we’ve distilled the four main things industry-leading enterprises are doing to create a seamless transition. 1. Integrate employee-facing applications Whether or not we call it a recession, 2022 has been a difficult year for the economy. The US has seen the highest inflation since 1981. The S&P 500 is down 23%, which would be the fourth largest annual drop since the Great Recession era. This economic volatility puts a lot of pressure on CIOs, who are no longer expecting their technology budgets to increase. Clearly, now is the time to think hard about where is the most valuable place to put dollars. According to CIO's 21st annual State of the CIO survey , industry leaders are using this budget in two big ways: Building a digital headquarters. Investing in automation. Build a digital headquarters to support hybrid work Employees need one place where they can get help — remote, in-person, or hybrid. The solution we've seen ground-breaking companies turn to is a digital headquarters. The digital HQ is a starting point for everything employees do at work, from holding meetings to sharing files to requesting support. This is different from digital tools, which are meant to support a particular task, such as Google Calendar for scheduling. Having analyzed numerous industry-leading companies, we know that the best of them use an enterprise collaboration hub as the foundation for their digital HQ. Hybrid work best practices for building a digital HQ includes these concrete steps: Organize your collaboration hub. Bring all your employees into the digital HQ. Build seamless integrations between your digital HQ and your digital tools. Industry leaders recognize the inequality of IT support within a global workforce — after all, not even the largest IT team can support every single employee, in every location, in every language. As employees decide to return to the office — or not — companies need to prioritize giving them everything they need to do their best work. A digital headquarters helps to make that transition effortless. For a seamless transition to hybrid work, invest in automation Across the globe, a crucial hybrid work best practice is investing in automation. Leaders are hesitant to grow their IT teams. Instead, they're leaning on automation to ease their existing IT team's burden, drive efficiency, and improve company productivity at the same time. AI and automation can be your ticket to ensuring that your IT teams feel supported and not overworked while also offering white-glove support to your employees. Your AI tool of choice should allow you to: Enable seamless onboarding Provide personalized help according to your users' locations, roles, and permissions Allow employees to return to work or successfully pull off hybrid work The first step for technology leaders is to address IT-facing automation opportunities. Developing automation tools and scripts leads to substantial time savings, as proven by the CIO of Equinix, Milind Wagle . Where industry leaders rise to the challenge, however, is by paying careful attention to the final step of automation: enabling self-service for employees. Successfully solving for self-service can and does take many forms. The core of the challenge — building out a knowledge base, empowering employees to take this new route, and reducing dependency on IT agents — remains the same. The results can bring significant cost savings. According to HDI , a support call can cost as much as $22, while self-service is $2 per incident. Automation lets companies do more with less — support more employees, and increase the efficiency of a smaller IT department. 2. Send targeted employee communications by geography A hybrid work best practice is to battle communication exhaustion. Industry-leading companies are telling employees exactly what they need to know and meeting employees where they are. These two seemingly small shifts in strategies have shown to have monumental effects on employees and the business. Tell your employees exactly what they need to know Employees are laden with messages — from their peers, their direct reports, managers, etc. There's a very likely chance that company-wide alerts get lost in their inbox, buried in portals, and overlooked due to irrelevancy. To combat this, industry leaders are choosing to send out hyper-targeted messages based on their role, department, distribution lists, type of employee, location, and any other information that might be relevant to the communication. Secondly, they use these hyper-targeted messages to drive action. They lead employees to exactly where they need to go. Need people to update their personal information? Add a link to the portal where they can do that. Innovative IT teams make it as easy as possible for people to complete an action. In an era of hybrid work, meet your employees where they are More and more employees are spending the majority of their time on enterprise chat platforms. Slack and Microsoft teams have been the primary mode of immediate communication, while portals and emails have the reputation of being overlooked. When employees need IT support in a hybrid work environment, they often don't have the luxury of walking over to their favorite IT agent. They have to muster thorough often chaotic backends. With the shift to enterprise chat, industry leaders can: Improve response time. This becomes crucial with any security issues that come up when employees are at home. Employees are much more likely to check their chat than emails or other portals and respond. Enrich ticket workflows. Communicating via chat allows you to unblock your workforce by giving everyone — from support teams to employees — real-time information and access to what they need. Manage software licenses at scale. Employees may hold many different software licenses without using all of them. By reminding them about unused licenses and providing a way to resolve the issue right away, you can create a frictionless experience and save money. 3. Connect back-end systems At home, people are used to Netflix's personalized recommendations and Spotify's curated playlists. This lies in stark opposition to their experience at work — disjointed, clunky processes that largely wait for IT agents to comment on tickets. Qualtrics research found that only 30% of employees say that their experience with their company's technology exceeds their expectations. Hybrid work threw this problem into a new light. Across industries, companies were seeing a massive uptick in tickets as remote work began in March 2020. Now, as companies start to define hybrid work best practices, they're starting with back-end systems. Updating back-end systems In large organizations, there are an increasing number of tools and portals that employees can use to their advantage. Except, employees don't know what to use. Industry leaders approach this problem at more than just the surface level. The real problem lies in the disarrayed back-end systems. In automating and connecting the many back-end processes that exist in organizations, you can provide a cohesive front to your employees. And because your back-end systems will be ingesting information from every tool, you can drive adoption and usage across every software. 4. Create an experience your employees need Data suggests the average enterprise uses 288 different SaaS apps across the board . Industry leaders optimize to reach the full potential of each software. So how do you ensure that employees have everything they need? How to optimize for employee adoption We know that the most common place employees work and engage today is in enterprise messaging platforms, like Slack and Microsoft Teams. We also know that other employees prefer enterprise portals that they've been navigating for ages. Others like the dependency of email. Proper employee adoption requires a multifaceted approach. Here are the three pillars to your success: Create one place to go to for everything . Don't make employees remember dozens of passwords to different portals. There's plenty going on in their roles without having to learn a new system every time they want to put in PTO or upgrade their laptop. Make the user experience enjoyable. In a hybrid work environment, employees are overloaded with messages, emails, and alerts. Don't add to that cognitive load. Instead, tell your employees only what they need to know. Give them exactly what they ask for. Think long-term. Partner with a strategic team that's dedicated to creating behavior change. It won't happen overnight, and setting unrealistic expectations will cause your project to fail before it fully takes off. Each company will evolve its own hybrid work best practices, but industry leaders will address each 4 of these concerns in their foundations in order to better serve their employees.
Large Language Models (LLM) Explained + Examples  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Large language models: The basics and their applications Margo Poda, Content Marketing Manager February 9, 2023 linkedin facebook twitter email Everyone is talking about large language models and rightfully so. Large language models are a groundbreaking technology. Large language models, also referred to as LLMs, are poised to revolutionize how we think about conversational AI for the enterprise and its potential applications. Tech giants like Microsoft , Meta and Google know that large language models are fast becoming essential for people to innovate, automate, and improve the lives of the end user as a whole. One such example that’s taken the world by storm is ChatGPT, which uses OpenAI’s GPT (Generative Pre-Trained Transformer) to accomplish tasks in a few seconds that would normally take a human hours or days. The generative AI capabilities alone have spawned countless use cases and business opportunities for those eager to dive-in and learn. But first, let’s explore large language model basics and their applications in real-world use cases. We’ll cover: What large language models are Large language model examples Large language model strengths and challenges Applications of large language models How large language models will change businesses What the future of large language models looks like What are large language models? Large language models (LLMs) are advanced artificial intelligence algorithms trained on massive amounts of text data for the purposes of content generation, summarization, translation, classification, sentiment analysis and so much more. How massive are these datasets? Smaller datasets are composed of tens of millions of parameters, while larger sets extend into hundreds of billions of data points. Depending on the purpose of the large language model (LLM), the training data will vary. Example datasets and what their purpose include: Social media posts: Publicly available social posts can be used to train the model to understand informal language, slang, and online trends, as well as to identify sentiment Academic papers: Scholarly articles can be used to understand terminology and technical language, as well as to extract key information Web pages: Publicly available web sites can be used to understand writing styles or increase the range of topics a large language model can understand Wikipedia: Because of the vast knowledge that Wikipedia houses, this can be used to increase the range of topics a large language model can understand Books: Books of various genres can be used to understand different writing styles, storyline development, and narrative structures You may be asking yourself, how does a large language model produce text in a human-like fashion? Using the above examples, if a model is trained on social media posts and books, it becomes easier for the model to produce text in a human-like fashion because it has a clear understanding of formal and informal language. So in reality, the answers it produces is highly dependent on the training data used. How do large language models work? To understand how large language models work, you first need to understand transformer architecture . Transformer architecture is the backbone of the transformer models like GPT and many other prominent models. The transformer architecture is a neural network architecture that allows for parallel processing and is used by large language models to process data and generate contextually relevant responses. It consists of a series of layers, with each layer consisting of parallel processing components called attention mechanisms and feedforward networks. The attention mechanisms weigh the importance of each word, using statistical models to learn the relationships between words and their meanings. This allows LLMs to process sequences in parallel and generate contextually relevant responses. Figure 1: Large language models (LLMs) leverage vast amounts of training data to understand and respond to user prompts conversationally. What are some examples of large language models? The most talked about models are by OpenAI (GPT-2, GPT-3, GPT-4, Whisper), Google (BERT, T5, PaLM), and Meta (M2M-100, LLaMA, XLM-R). These are some just examples of the most common ones but as stated before, models are trained for specific purposes so there isn’t a single model that does everything. For example: BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers) : BERT is a transformer-based model that has been pre-trained on a massive amount of text data. It is designed to perform natural language processing (NLP) tasks such as sentiment analysis, question-answering, and text classification. GPT-3 (Generative Pretrained Transformer 3) : Developed by OpenAI, GPT-3 is a large language model considered one of the most advanced AI models in the world. It has been trained on a vast amount of text data and can generate human-like responses to a wide range of topics and questions, while maintaining a wide array of conversational memory. XLM-R (Cross-lingual Language Model - RoBERTa) : XLM-R is a transformer-based large language model developed by Facebook AI Research. It is pre-trained on a massive amount of text data in multiple languages and fine-tuned for specific NLP tasks such as text classification, machine translation, and question-answering. Whisper : Whisper is a large-scale automatic speech recognition (ASR) system developed by OpenAI. It is trained on 680,000 hours of diverse and multi-lingual data, resulting in improved robustness to accents, background noise, and technical language. It has the ability to transcribe speech in multiple languages and perform translation into English. T5 (Text-to-Text Transfer Transformer) : Developed by Google Research, T5 is a large language model designed to perform various NLP tasks such as text-to-text generation, summarization, and translation. It utilizes transfer learning to fine-tune its capabilities for specific NLP tasks, making it a highly versatile model. M2M-100 (Multilingual Machine Translation 100) : M2M-100 is a multilingual machine translation model that can translate between any pair of 100 languages without relying on English data. The model is trained on a total of 2,200 language directions, this model is 10 times better than the previous best, English-centric multilingual models. MPNet (Masked and Permuted Language Modeling Pre-training Network) : MPNet is a pre-training method for language models that combines masked language modeling (MLM) and permuted language modeling (PLM) in one view. It takes the dependency among the predicted tokens into consideration through permuted language modeling, advancing BERT's classification methodologies. When comparing the performance and capabilities of these models , it is important to note that each model has been trained for a very specific purpose, and the best model will depend on the specific NLP task at hand. Large language models have demonstrated impressive performance in various natural language processing tasks and have the potential to greatly enhance businesses' efforts in customer engagement, operations, and beyond. What are large language models used for? Large language models are becoming increasingly popular in various industries and businesses because they can process and understand human language at scale. These models use deep learning techniques to analyze vast amounts of text data, making them highly proficient in language processing tasks such as text generation, summarization, translation, and sentiment analysis. With these capabilities, large language models have revolutionized the field of conversational AI and have a range of real-world applications. For example: Customer Service: They can be used to develop support chatbots that can engage with customers conversationally, improve customer engagement, and drive efficient operations. Text Translation: They can also be used in language translation software to accurately translate text from one language to another, making communication and understanding between people who speak different languages much easier. Marketing: Models can be used to create ad copy, ad creatives, and even a communication strategy. Coding: They can write, optimize or help fix code. Healthcare: Language models can help with knowledge retrieval which can help support clinical decision making. As more l arge language model applications are developed the companies that are able to harness their true power will be measurable improvements across their organizations. Why are large language models so important for enterprises? Large language models represent a transformative technology that can help enterprises access conversational AI and automate mundane tasks that their workforce incurs every day. By leveraging advanced conversational AI capabilities , these models have the potential to deliver unprecedented value to organizations, from curating a superior user experience to reducing costs . By embracing large language models, enterprises can gain a strategic advantage, remain competitive in a rapidly changing market, and deliver real business value to their customers. It's crucial, however, to have a comprehensive understanding of their complexities to effectively apply them in practical settings. One of the easiest ways for companies to embrace large language models without incurring significant model development costs is through the integration of an AI copilot . AI copilots are one of the more recent trends where companies are using LLMs to develop chatbot-like interfaces that can support users across the enterprise. Some examples of this are Moveworks’ enterprise copilot , Microsoft’s 365 copilot , Github’s Copilot , and Salesforce’s Einstein .  AI copilots will continue to come out as more and more companies build out their use cases so it’s important to have an AI copilot strategy when looking to incorporate them into your organization. What are large language models' strengths? Large language models have immense potential for organizations and can bring about a paradigm shift in how they operate. 1. Out-of-the-box advanced natural language processing capabilities In the past, building a conversational AI required a significant effort from a team of experts who spent countless hours creating multiple machine learning algorithms. However, the advent of large language models, such as the GPT-3.5 model powering ChatGPT, has changed this landscape. Instead of using multiple algorithms, a single model now performs all the functions previously performed by multiple systems. This has made natural language processing more accessible, as conversing with ChatGPT is now equivalent to having a Swiss watch at your fingertips. 2. Powerful generative capabilities Language learning models possess a powerful generative capability that makes them valuable assets for the enterprise. With their advanced conversational AI abilities, LLMs can assist businesses in exploring new ideas, developing new products and services, and improving existing ones. The generative abilities of LLMs enable the creation of written content, such as product descriptions, marketing copy, reports, and other digital assets, like images, videos, and software code. LLMs also can analyze and understand large amounts of data and information, allowing them to provide insightful recommendations to improve business processes and decision-making. Moreover, the conversational interface of LLMs makes it easy for teams to share and collaborate on ideas and projects, increasing productivity and streamlining the creative process. 3. Seamless conversational user experience Language learning models offer a seamless conversational user experience that is unmatched by traditional AI systems. The enterprise can use this by integrating LLMs into customer-facing applications, such as chatbots, to improve internal communication and support. LLMs can understand user inquiries and provide personalized and efficient support, improving satisfaction. In IT support, for instance, LLMs can assist with resolving tickets and problems quickly and accurately. Automating certain support tasks conversationally allows businesses to free up valuable resources and focus on more complex issues requiring human expertise. 4. Increased user efficiency LLMs are equipped to comprehend and process human language, making them suitable for automating monotonous and time-consuming tasks. For instance, in IT, LLMs can handle simple queries and support requests, allowing human agents to concentrate on more complicated problems. Or in the financial sector, LLMs can automate financial transactions and data processing, reducing the manual effort and resources needed. LLMs' ability to increase efficiency and lower costs is one of the many reasons they are fast becoming indispensable tools across various industries. By automating tedious tasks, LLMs allow organizations to focus on their core competencies and drive growth and innovation. What are large language models' challenges? Understanding large language model nuances is crucial in using them in real-world applications. There are three main large language model weaknesses to consider when thinking about how to apply them practically in business: 1. Inconsistent accuracy Large language models, including OpenAI's GPT-3.5, are powerful tools that can provide accurate responses to complex questions. However, despite their impressive capabilities, there is still a risk of inaccurate or false responses , known as "hallucination." This phenomenon can have serious implications in critical industries like healthcare and business operations. It is essential to implement safeguards such as human oversight to refine inputs and control outputs to mitigate this risk. Currently, many applications of large language models require human supervision to ensure reliable results but one promising method that aims to fix this is grounding . 2. Lack of enterprise context Large language models have been trained on a vast amount of text data from the internet. Still, they need enterprise-specific context and domain knowledge to provide specific solutions to industry-specific problems. While they can provide general information and context on various topics, they may not have the depth of understanding and experience required to solve complex, industry-specific challenges. Additionally, language models may not have access to proprietary information or be aware of the specific regulations and policies that govern a particular industry. As a result, they may only sometimes be able to provide accurate or reliable information in the context of a specific enterprise. It is essential to understand these limitations and seek expert advice when dealing with industry-specific issues. 3. Limited controllability While language models are powerful and accessible to non-experts, they lack controllability. This means their response to a specific input cannot be easily directed or controlled. The layered approach to building LLMs saves time in training complex systems but limits the ability to control the model's responses in a more demanding environment. To be effective in a business setting, LLMs must be part of a larger AI architecture that offers control and fine-tuning through additional training, evaluation, and alternative machine learning approaches. 4. Stale training data. Large language models are trained on vast amounts of text data to understand and respond to natural language in a human-like manner. However, their training data is limited to a specific time period and may not reflect the current state of the world. Updating an LLM's knowledge is complex and requires retraining the model, which is extremely expensive. Instructing the LLM to override certain parts of its knowledge while retaining others is also challenging. Even then, there's no guarantee that the model won't provide outdated information, even if the search engine it's paired with has up-to-date information. This poses a unique challenge in a business setting where data is often private and constantly changing in real-time. 5. Personal data risk LLMs are trained on vast amounts of text data, including sensitive personal information, which they may have access to while generating responses. This personal information can be leaked through the model's outputs or training data. Additionally, the training data used to develop LLMs may not always be properly anonymized or secured, which increases the risk of personal data breaches. The use of LLMs in industries handling sensitive personal information, such as healthcare or finance, requires careful consideration and proper security measures to prevent data leakage. How exactly will large language models impact the enterprise? Since ChatGPT launched, it’s given everyone who’s played around with it a sense of wonderment. And what’s even more remarkable is that this is only scratching the surface of what’s possible with generative AI . Large language models aren’t just for writing a quick email — they have the potential to completely transform how work is done, from internal IT and HR support to customer service and marketing ad creation. Let’s take IT for example. Large language model applications in IT 1. Language generation Generative AI has the potential to revolutionize the way IT teams work by streamlining processes and providing new and innovative solutions. From improving knowledge management to automating document creation, the following use cases highlight the many ways in which generative AI can empower IT teams and enhance their workflows: Recommend new knowledge articles and forms Write net-new knowledge articles and forms Update and edit knowledge articles and form Translate knowledge articles and forms on the fly Write employee comms Translate employee comms in real-time Translate IT ticket descriptions, common, and work notes Write product documentation 2. Language summarization Generative AI has the potential to greatly enhance the efficiency and productivity of IT support teams by automating tedious and time-consuming tasks. This list of use cases highlights some of the ways generative AI can help surface important analytics, summarize information, and provide quick and accurate solutions for IT ticket topics: Extract common topics, symptoms, and sentiments from IT tickets Cluster IT tickets by topic Auto-generate narratives from analytics Summarize IT ticket solutions for agents Summarize lengthy IT ticket threads for agents Summarize phone support transcripts Highlight critical solutions within article snippets 3. Code and data generation Generative AI can transform IT infrastructure and chatbot development, saving IT agents time by automating time-consuming tasks such as: Suggesting conversation flows and follow-up patterns Generating training data for conversational AI solutions Testing knowledge articles or forms for improved relevance Assisting in code generation for repetitive snippets from online sources What you need to know to navigate the future of large language models Large language models play a crucial role in the evolution of conversational AI. Their ability to generate human-like language and advanced reasoning skills have impressed both the public and tech companies, who view them as essential platforms for innovation and problem-solving. Despite the strengths of LLMs, some challenges must be addressed to fully realize their potential, such as hallucination, stale training data, and a lack of enterprise context. Nevertheless, the future outlook for LLMs and conversational AI remains positive. With the potential for increased efficiency and cost savings, LLMs can revolutionize how organizations operate and interact with customers. It's crucial for leaders across industries and departments to continue exploring and understanding the capabilities of LLMs and to address any limitations to fully harness their potential and shape the future of conversational AI. Contact Moveworks to learn how AI can supercharge your workforce's productivity. tech conversational technology More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Instant IT Issue Resolution with Moveworks on Microsoft Teams Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks MOVEWORKS AND MICROSOFT TEAMS BRING INSTANT I.T. ISSUE RESOLUTION. Slow IT support limits the productivity of your workforce. An employee submits, on average, 1.1 IT tickets per month, with a typical wait time of five hours before an agent sees the ticket, and three days before it’s resolved. More than 60% of these tickets could be resolved entirely by AI. Moveworks is the cloud-based AI platform that’s resolving issues and answering questions right now in some of the largest enterprises in the world. Instead of tracking issues, we use advanced AI to solve them, instantly—without agent intervention. We apply machine learning and natural language understanding (NLU) at every step. To understand the request, identify the optimal resolution, and then automate the actions to complete the task. Moveworks delivers resolution from day one and gets smarter with every interaction. Employees chat with the Moveworks bot in everyday language using Microsoft Teams. The bot resolves issues instantly through its integrations with IT systems, including Active Directory, Azure AD, Office 365, and System Center Orchestrator, and it answers questions using knowledge hosted in Microsoft SharePoint. Key Benefits Microsoft Teams becomes the unified IT support hub Integrating with Moveworks enables Microsoft Teams to become a unified, natural language UI/UX for enterprise apps and services, including ServiceNow. Faster adoption of Microsoft Teams Getting IT support is a problem for every employee. The Moveworks and Microsoft Teams integration allows enterprises to demonstrate the benefits of messaging to employees across the entire organization. As a result, employees organically adopt Microsoft Teams when they see it delivers faster IT support. Better employee experience Moveworks autonomously resolves, on average, 40% of all IT support tickets with a resolution time of 60 seconds. Employees get their IT support issues solved in seconds instead of days—all with a simple, natural language chat in Microsoft Teams. More ROI from existing automation Enterprises running Microsoft Teams and Moveworks derive better ROI on their existing automated services. Moveworks makes this possible because its conversational AI understands the IT issue when the employee reports it in a Microsoft Teams chat. Moveworks takes immediate action, executing the appropriate automated service. Equinix delivers IT answers and help with an AI chatbot in Microsoft Teams “Moveworks is a rare breed of technology that immediately provides value back that we can invest in other areas of IT.” Milind Wagle, CIO, Equinix View the case study More Moveworks/Teams success stories Interested? Learn more? Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Performance Insights Dashboards  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Performance Insights Dashboards The Performance Insights Dashboards provide comprehensive visibility over your Moveworks bot. With nearly 100 individual charts and metrics, these dashboards visualize every aspect of your AI deployment, from the number of employees engaging with the bot to the percentage of all IT issues Moveworks resolves autonomously. Download the datasheet High-level view of Moveworks’ value and impact High-level view of Moveworks’ value and impact For CIOs and other executives, the Performance Insights Dashboards showcase the high-level impact of Moveworks, headlined by the percentage of all employee-submitted IT issues resolved autonomously. With easy-to-digest visualizations presented on a single screen, busy executives can determine Moveworks’ ROI at a glance. Real-time breakdown of employee engagement with Moveworks Real-time breakdown of employee engagement with Moveworks Leaders who oversee the service desk, employee experience, and end-user support need to track shifts and patterns in how Moveworks helps employees. Our dashboards visualize detailed data on bot interaction trends, arming these leaders with the up-to-date knowledge they need to make informed decisions. Data-rich reporting on your IT support investments Data-rich reporting on your IT support investments For business application owners, technical writers, and other specialists concerned with the precise allocation of IT resources, these dashboards reveal employees’ most common tech issues and troubleshooting questions. The dashboards provide a comprehensive performance analysis of individual Moveworks skills and shed light on the most requested knowledge articles. We use the dashboards in our regular reviews of service desk activities — not only to understand the impact Moveworks is having on Level 1 support, but also to identify gaps in our existing resources. We can quickly determine how much work the bot is handling and where to focus our attention. Erica Callaghan, Manager of Global Technology & Solutions, Broadcom Interested? Learn more. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Moveworks Status - Employee Communications degradation Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . Employee Communications degradation Incident

          Report for Moveworks Resolved This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Posted Sep 16 , 2023 - 01:41 UTC Monitoring A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Posted Sep 15 , 2023 - 21:44 UTC Update A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Posted Sep 15 , 2023 - 20:12 UTC Identified We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Posted Sep 15 , 2023 - 17:59 UTC This incident affected: Control Center (Employee Communications). ← Current Status Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. × Subscribe to Incident Subscribe to updates for Employee Communications degradation via email and/or text message. You'll receive email notifications when incidents are updated, and text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. VIA EMAIL: VIA SMS: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Enter mobile number Edit number Send OTP Enter the OTP sent Resend OTP in 30 seconds To receive SMS updates, please verify your number. To proceed with just email click ‘Subscribe’ Subscribe to Incident Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Achieve Won Over Workplace With Self-Service IT  Moveworks Home Customers Achieve How Achieve won over its workplace with self-service IT Achieve empowers its employees to self-service IT support on Slack with an AI-powered chatbot. Achieve is a leading digital personal finance company in the US, built to help people manage their debt and improve their financial outlook. Download the PDF 95 % Of password resets completely automated Challenge Employees unable to find and use siloed support portals Result Implemented a single point of contact for self-service support on Slack The Problem Achieve’s high-velocity workforce demands fast solutions Achieve, formerly known as Freedom Financial, is known for its innovative approach to banking. For customers who have traditionally been underserved by the banking industry, the company provides services that help restore their financial health. CIO Mark Tonnesen brings the same commitment to innovation to the IT systems used by Achieve's employees, most recently by deploying Moveworks to resolve those employees’ IT issues instantly. Running a large customer service operation means lots of hiring and training new entrants to the workforce. This can be a challenge because these workers — many are digital natives fresh out of college — have high expectations for the tools they use, and little experience with traditional enterprise software. The answer Tonnesen’s team envisioned was a simple, intuitive chat interface for IT and business processes, powered by natural language understanding that translates employees’ requests to specific actions in enterprise tools. The Solution Movewokrs empowers employees to self-service support on Slack Launched in March 2019, Moveworks is a chatbot in Slack that allows employees to get instant IT help — without having to call the service desk or navigate to a portal. Known internally as Alfred, Moveworks uses advanced natural language understanding (NLU) to converse with Achieve’s employees just as they would to an IT agent. Alfred then determines the best resolution to their issues and delivers that resolution right there in Slack. Tonnesen has realized massive time savings by empowering employees to reset passwords, get new software, add themselves to mailing lists, and more — all without leaving Slack. “Moveworks elevates Slack from being just a communications tool to being a place where employees go to take actions in all kinds of enterprise systems,” Tonnesen said. Moveworks takes the complexity out of IT support for our employees. Now they simply chat with a conversational bot in Slack to get their issues resolved and get work done. Mark Tonnesen CIO The Result Unlocking potential with self-service IT Achieve is focused on unlocking people’s potential, both for its customers and for its employees. With Alfred, the IT team has delivered on this vision, unlocking the potential of employees by freeing up their time. Now, resolving tech issues is fast and automatic for employees. And for the IT team, the benefits have been equally liberating: IT agents have won back valuable time. Tonnesen says that what his team has done for IT service delivery today is just the beginning. Next, he plans to automate delivery of HR, facilities, and finance services. Asked what he’d like to see in the Moveworks solution, he says, “Everything! I wish Moveworks would hire hundreds of engineers tomorrow and automate my HR and finance operations as they’ve enabled me to automate my IT operations.” ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Moveworks Fix facilities issues Give employees everything from access badges to conference room directions with Moveworks. Learn more Moveworks for Slack See how you can use Moveworks on Slack to speed up support without sacrificing employee experience. Watch the demo Moveworks Platform Moveworks understands issues — and provides the right solution in seconds, with enterprise conversational AI. Read the datasheet Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
5 Help Desk Metrics and Benchmarks IT Leaders Should Know  Moveworks 5 Help Desk Metrics and Benchmarks IT Leaders Should Know in 2023 The most important responsibility of your IT help desk is to ensure employees get the support they need — quickly. But how do you measure “quick”? To help you contextualize your team’s performance, we analyzed IT ticket data from over 100 companies. We found a dramatic difference between industry-average and industry-leading companies in their mean time to resolution (MTTR). Industry-leading IT teams solved issues in less than half the time. This is a direct result of several key innovations in the IT support process, particularly the use of automation and AI. How long are employees waiting for support? This data represents a sample with selected type of issues. In this report, we provide help desk benchmarks for high-touch issues, access requests, troubleshooting questions, approvals, and overall MTTR. Across the board, we see a growing divide between the companies that have leaned into innovation and those that haven’t. High-touch issues submitted to the help desk Employees with high-touch issues depend on subject matter experts for solutions. Fixing a broken printer or reconfiguring Salesforce requires more than a single help desk agent. When it comes to high-touch issues, you might assume that automation might hurt, not help. Instead, we’ve found automation is particularly crucial when it comes to solving high-touch issues. When employees submit a high-touch issue, how long are they waiting for support? The difference in wait time between average and leading organizations is nearly 27 hours. Why? Best-in-class organizations triage issues to the right person, improve communications between stakeholders, and accelerate comments. But this can be difficult to manage. With AI, however, companies are able to take much of the friction out of solving these complex functions. To help employees, you need to first understand what they’re asking for. Using NLU (natural language understanding) and NLP (natural language processing) models, industry-leading companies can significantly speed up complicated processes. Access issues There are several use cases — password resets, account unlocks — where it might take an agent minutes to perform the task, but the ticket sits in the queue for hours. Industry-leading companies use this as an opportunity to introduce a back-end automation tool to trigger workflows. The difference is shocking: a 15-hour discrepancy that employees experience whenever they’re locked out of an account. How long do employees wait for access? In the age of hybrid work, not all employees are able to walk over to their favorite help desk agent and describe their problem in seconds. Leading companies use AI to transition that experience, seamlessly, to a digital workplace. Troubleshooting questions All help desks have a collection of knowledge base articles, documenting solutions that only specialists at the company would know. Innovative leaders use AI to transform these long, hard-to-reach articles into bite-sized solutions. In conventional organizations, it takes a lot of time and effort from the help desk agent to offer a customized solution to an employee, impacting wait times. How long do employees wait to get their questions answered? There’s a 10-hour difference in wait time between companies that leverage automation and those that don’t. Employees expect personalized solutions, and IT agents spend hours gathering information before coming up with the perfect answer. At leading companies, this process is automated — AI is used to gather all context around employee requests, so help desk agents can have a 360-degree view while answering questions. The impact of approvals There are some use cases that need managerial input. But getting a manager’s attention can be tough at times. How long are employees waiting for approvals? People wait nearly 40 hours for approvals due to the primary mode of communication: email and siloed support channels. But automated support happens in real time. In this category, leading organizations are able to attack the root of the problem: poor communication. Industry-leading companies have incorporated conversational AI to bring these requests to an enterprise chat platform, allowing managers to give approvals as soon as they see their employees’ messages. To move from an average company to one that’s leading the pack, you will have to prioritize the employee experience. Conversational AI is a powerful tool , with limitless applications. It can help your help desk agents eliminate their pain points and significantly reduce employees’ wait times.
From request to resolution: How AI solves a support issue  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection From request to resolution: How AI solves a support issue Jiang Chen, VP of Machine Learning June 17, 2021 linkedin facebook twitter email At Moveworks, we’ve spent five years engineering an incredibly simple support experience to make work feel less like, well, work. In practice, this means taking complex processes like IT support and HR service delivery — which usually involve lots of manual effort from busy professionals — and automating them end-to-end, from the initial request for help to the full resolution of the issue. Creating this simple experience forced us to build machine learning components that are the first of their kind — at every step of the support process. So we did. The result of our effort is what we call the Moveworks Intelligence Engine™ . “The Moveworks Intelligence Engine relies on machine learning techniques that didn't exist just twelve months ago. By creating extremely precise models for understanding enterprise language, we've solved a critical business challenge — while making the user experience effortless.” Vaibhav Nivargi CTO, Moveworks The Moveworks Intelligence Engine™ Large companies invest in hundreds of different systems to help employees work faster and be more productive. They fill their knowledge bases with pages upon pages of documentation, they create portals with forms for every type of request, and they even implement chatbots with a rudimentary understanding of language. But with so many convoluted and disconnected systems to navigate, the truth is that employees can’t get the resources they need quickly and easily. Take chatbots, for example. You’ve probably interacted with one in the last week, maybe even within the last 24 hours. They’re ubiquitous — and yet they’re often profoundly frustrating to use. Most chatbots either can’t understand what you need, or can’t ask the right follow-up questions, or can’t solve your problem without redirecting you to a person, whom you would’ve preferred to speak with in the first place. So here’s the question: What would it take to create a chatbot that people actually prefer to use for support? To give employees whatever they need, right away, directly through the bot? Enter the Intelligence Engine. In this blog post, we’ll distill our learnings from the past five years to show how the Intelligence Engine tackles the five challenges of automating support at work: Understanding employee requests Holding conversations that don’t follow a script Making the right decisions for each employee Transforming hard-to-use resources into bite-sized solutions Matching questions to the single best answer Figure 1: The Moveworks Intelligence Engine has five components, which work together to resolve employee support issues end-to-end. Language Core™: Knowing what employees need To help employees, you need to understand what they are asking for. Understanding would be easy if everyone sought help in the same way, but they don’t. Sometimes employees use a lot of words or leave out context or mention something they think is relevant, but actually isn’t. And as we’ve discussed at length, it’s this ambiguity that makes it difficult for machines to figure out language . So in approaching this challenge, you need a layer cake of dozens of deep learning models to correct spelling mistakes, to identify unique employees and software applications at each company, and to separate the signal from noise in the context of a single user. That’s why we built Language Core . Figure 2: Language Core breaks down and restructures complex requests to understand what an employee is looking for. Let’s look at an example. Here in Figure 2, John has quite a complex question, especially from the perspective of a computer. Does he need something provisioned? If so, which software? Could a knowledge base article solve his problem? Is he asking how to update his direct deposit? Request PTO? Troubleshoot his VPN connection? To answer these questions, we first use two techniques: natural language processing (NLP) and natural language understanding (NLU) . NLP organizes language into structured data — disambiguating entities, analyzing grammar, and correcting typos — while NLU interprets that data to figure out what it means in context. While the traditional way to build a chatbot fixates on specific use cases, we take any support issue, for any line of business, and map it into this structured framework that a computer can understand and act on. Now, once we’ve given the employee’s request the kind of structure that machine learning needs to understand, the next challenge to overcome is that every company has different employees, applications, office spaces, job titles, and security permissions. Here is where we use Collective Learning to see the unique ways that employees talk about these same issues. By combining information from many different companies and industries, our chatbot can recognize and interpret company-specific jargon that our models have never seen before. Using all these techniques, Language Core is able to understand exactly what employees need — the first and most important step in making help at work automatic. Dynamic Flow™: Holding natural conversations Understanding what a person says is one thing; keeping up with conversation in real-time is another. Most chatbots are terrible conversationalists simply because the unpredictability of real-world back-and-forth cannot be scripted out in advance. Instead of this rigid, hard-coded approach, a chatbot needs an adaptable framework for deciding next steps. Dynamic Flow works to handle even the most erratic conversations by determining responses in real time. Instead of following a pre-programmed path, it analyzes conversational context to seamlessly shift between topics and generate dialog on the fly. Figure 3: While some conversations are straightforward, more often than not, employees have complicated issues that require a deep understanding of past interactions and current context to resolve. So let’s return to John for a moment. Ideally, he would only have this one question about managing a distribution list. But we all know that the real world is more complicated. Much like John, we all jump between questions, reference past conversations, and don’t stick to a single topic. Adding even more complexity, issues themselves are fluid. Something that was once a priority might be irrelevant now. The only way for a chatbot to keep up is to be flexible. That being said, most chatbots are not flexible. They dictate the flow of the conversation with scripted interactions. There’s no opportunity for a user to escape pre-set flow or add context. With Dynamic Flow, the user starts and leads the conversation, exploring their topics of choice. This hands-off approach means that our bot engages naturally, adjusting to changing circumstances as they happen. And because the user is in command of the dialog, when they inevitably change their mind mid-conversation, there isn’t a pre-programmed loop to get stuck in. Instead, Dynamic Flow’s topic switching mechanism enables the chatbot to jump out of the recommended course at any time, moving the conversation in a different direction — all while remembering and returning to previous comments and questions, as needed. With this approach, it’s possible for a chatbot to manage even the most ambiguous request — asking clarifying questions to further understand at every step of the conversation, presenting multiple solutions to move forward, adding comments to a ticket, and pulling information from the knowledge base. By circumventing the hard-coded chatbot experience, Dynamic Flow creates a flexible conversation led by the user, ultimately transforming a frustrating interaction into a productive one. Action Bid™: Determining the ideal solution Now that we've understood and clarified what the employee needs, we have to serve up the most relevant solution available at their unique company. We all know that the best way to make a decision is to consider all possible options. But businesses are highly complicated and constantly changing: they adopt new software, hire new employees, and announce new policies on a regular basis. The ideal solution to a given support issue today might become out-of-date tomorrow. So the key to finding that ideal solution is keeping track of every possible solution to employee questions. Here’s where Action Bid comes into play. Figure 4: Different solutions bid for the opportunity to solve an issue. When one or multiple options reach the confidence threshold, a response is sent to the user in seconds. When John asks his question, there’s an infinity of ways to potentially address his request: remove someone from an email group, show contact information, surface a form, file a ticket, offer up a knowledge base article. And within these larger categories, there’re even more specific solutions — remove Jenny from the marketing distribution list, show contact information on Marshall on the Accounting Team, surface a request form, file an IT ticket on JIRA, offer up a single line from the Employee Handbook. For every option, Action Bid weighs signals and context from across the company, considering every bit of information at its disposal — security permissions, job descriptions, business logic, location, past conversations — to calculate the relevance of each possible response to the employee’s question. Even as support teams add new content and the company ecosystem changes, Action Bid constantly improves to make sure that every decision is the best decision. Enterprise Cache™: Transforming resources into bite-sized solutions For each service department — IT, HR, Finance, Legal, Facilities — tons of valuable information lives deep inside different resources and systems. And when an employee has a problem, they don’t know that they should be going to Confluence to troubleshoot their VPN issues, to Sharepoint for information on how to submit an expense report, or to the Okta portal to request access to a certain application. On top of this first challenge, when a subject-matter expert writes an article, they are trying to document everything . This kind of detail can be difficult for employees to find, read, and understand. Knowledge articles can be thirty pages detailing retirement benefits, featuring information from a dozen different countries. The key is wading through all this detail to get only the correct information in the right hands. And we’ve done this with Enterprise Cache — a system that transforms deeply buried resources into simple solutions designed to be rendered over chat. Figure 5: Moveworks personalizes the support experience by giving employees exactly the resource they need, whether that is a single sentence from a knowledge article or a conversationalized form. As mentioned, when John asks his question there are a thousand possible solutions on the backend. Action Bid works to find out what type of solution is most meaningful for him. Maybe he needs an article on troubleshooting Outlook, contact information, access to marketing email software, a map to a certain conference room. Enterprise Cache works in tandem with Action Bid by making all this information useful to the end-user. It indexes all of the available resources, so every question can be answered with a single, precise snippet of information. Even when there are updates to various knowledge systems, Enterprise Cache automatically incorporates new information. And if the answer doesn’t live in your knowledge base? Enterprise Cache also ingests knowledge from trusted, public websites to make your answer store the best it can be. Semantic Match™: Personalized answers to every question Employees expect personalized support. The same question doesn't always have the same answer, which is why support teams spend hours crafting personalized responses. Automating this process is a very difficult challenge, but it makes the difference between a typical automated system and a truly helpful solution Semantic Match provides precise answers to employees’ questions — directly over chat. It leverages relevance and personalization models to find the most helpful information across disparate knowledge bases. Figure 6: Keeping track of an employee’s location, department, and other context, Semantic Match surfaces the most relevant answer to each employee. For example, if an employee — such as Jenny in Figure 5 above — asks for an update on retirement benefits — the bot can offer information based on her specific circumstances, like her location. The power of Semantic Match is in how it intelligently surfaces information by considering context . Using all the capabilities of the other components of the Intelligence Engine, this system takes every disparate piece of data into account, from the proximity of certain words and phrases to the resources available to the location of the person asking. With a 360-degree view of your organization, our proximity, relevance, and location models retrieve the most accurate answer. So even when an employee is vague, for example not mentioning where they are or which distribution list their referencing, Moveworks is able to connect them with the right solution. So employees get a quick and straightforward answer in seconds that's personalized to their specific circumstances. Greater than the sum of its parts Each component of the Moveworks Intelligence Engine — Language Core, Dynamic Flow, Action Bid, Enterprise Cache, and Semantic Match — takes a fundamentally novel approach to the problem it solves. Each pushes the limits of what’s possible with machine learning today. But above all, it’s the tight integrations between these components that allow Moveworks to automate support at work. Semantic Match analyzes knowledge articles using Language Core to deliver personalized answers. Action Bid weighs the utility of all the resources in Enterprise Cache to determine the best solution. We’ve built one engine — with far more horsepower than its five parts alone. And here’s the biggest takeaway: if your solution fails to address just one of these challenges, employees won’t use it. A chatbot that understands language is still useless if it directs employees to an outdated article. A comprehensive IT portal lies dormant when people can’t find what they’re looking for. We built our Intelligence Engine the hard way, putting thousands of hours of R&D into everything inside. Because otherwise, when your employees need support, they’d ask you instead. R equest a demo to see the Moveworks Intelligence Engine™ in action. technology More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Software Access: Instant Software Access  Moveworks Software Access Decrease your software access ticket volume and approval times. Let users get instant access to any piece of software – securely, with conversational AI. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere Home Product Software Access Provide a seamless experience for your users. The best UI is through your own natural language. It doesn’t matter how your users phrase their questions – whether it’s generic like “ppt please” or hyper-specific like “Please provide me, Madison Smith, access to the software Microsoft Powerpoint” – Moveworks can understand their underlying intent. Ensure your access workflows are honored. Whether you’d like to auto-provision software, have IT complete the next final step, incorporate manager approvals, provide a knowledge article, let a user fill out a form, or require them to file a ticket – Moveworks ingests your default workflows and lets you configure them. Automate the last mile & maintain compliance. Moveworks is integrated with your source of truth identity & access management system and provides access to users by automatically updating the security group tied to the software. To keep a clean audit trail, Moveworks logs every interaction in your ITSM. Popular Fully Provisionable Applications Moveworks can provision any application that's supported by your Identity and Access Management System. Below are some of the most popular applications provisioned across our customer base. AWS Cloud BriefingSource ChartIO Cloudhealth Datadog Docusign Eatclub Expensify Hackerrank InvisionApp Jira Lucidchart Marketo Microsoft Excel Netsuite Office365 Ombud Pagerduty Paylocity Ring Central Seismic Sendbloom SmartSheet Spinnaker SumoLogic ThinkingPhones Trello Wavefront Webex Features Software Access comes packed with features, acting as the conversational layer between users and software access management. Alternative suggestions License disambiguation Fuzzy match Access workflows Approval notifications Alternate suggestions Moveworks uses context from your business to provide different suggestions to users if they ask for software you don’t have. License disambiguation Help users choose the right applications when multiple kinds of license types are available Fuzzy match The user can respond in natural language, without needing to click any buttons or copy the exact text of the DL, and Moveworks still understands. Access workflows Configure logic for approval owners, the information you’d like to collect (including business justifications), automatic provisioning without approvals, and more for each software. Approval Notifications Based on your configured approvals workflows, the correct approver will automatically get notifications with the right level of detail to approve or deny the request in chat. From accessing software to resetting MFA credentials, 1.Bot means we don't have to have service desk agents working on these requests. Moveworks allows my team to pursue new opportunities and projects that wouldn't have been possible before. And for employees, the time savings are tremendous. Stanley Toh Head of End-User Services & Experience Level up software access management with AI Guide We analyzed support issues from over 100 companies to help you benchmark your help desk’s performance. Get the guide Case Study See how Broadcom’s has automatically resolved 75k total IT issues and counting, all of which were previously handled by an outsourced helpdesk See the case study Blog From “resolution rate” to “issue prevention,” these are the most important metrics to measure the ROI of your virtual agent. Read the blog Excited to try Software Access? Request a demo
Moveworks Status Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . All Systems Operational Enterprise Messaging Integrations ? Health of the messaging platforms where Moveworks bots are deployed Operational Microsoft Teams ? Based on latest updates from Microsoft (https://portal.office.com/servicestatus) Operational Moveworks for Web ? Moveworks bots integrated within web portals (e.g. ServiceNow, Sharepoint) Operational Cisco Webex Teams ? Based on latest updates from Webex status page (https://status.webex.com/) Operational Google Chat ? Based on latest updates from Google apps status (https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard) Operational Slack Messaging ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Apps/Integrations/APIs ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Notifications ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Connections ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Access Skills Operational Account Access ? Managing password resets/updates, account lockouts, and MFA resets through the bot Operational Group Access ? Managing distribution list creations and additions through the bot Operational Software Access ? Provisioning access to software applications through the bot Operational Smart Forms ? Finding forms from your service catalog and submitting them through the bot Operational Enterprise Approvals ? Notifying approvers and allow them to take action on approvals from your enterprise systems Operational Answers ? Answers from knowledge base articles, FAQs, and public sources powered by Semantic Search Operational Concierge ? Creating tickets, adding comments, and getting status updates through the bot Operational Triage ? Routing support requests to the right experts using machine-learning predictions Operational Lookups ? People &amp; Places lookups Operational Message API ? Connects to enterprise tools &amp; data and sends messages to users natively through the bot Operational Business Queries ? Allows users to look up information from your business systems Operational Employee Experience Insights Operational Multilingual Support (MLS) Operational Creator Studio Operational Paths Workspace Operational Queries Workspace Operational Events Workspace Operational Control Center Operational Employee Communications ? Sending targeted communications to employees at scale Operational Performance Insights ? Dashboards to help you visualize every aspect of your AI deployment Operational Channel Resolver Operational Operational Degraded Performance Partial Outage Major Outage Maintenance Past Incidents Sep 30 , 2023 No incidents reported today. Sep 29 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 28 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 27 , 2023 Ticket processing degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Sep 27 , 17:18 UTC Monitoring - We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Sep 27 , 16:53 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Sep 27 , 16:25 UTC Sep 26 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 25 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 24 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 23 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 22 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 21 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 20 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 19 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 18 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 17 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 16 , 2023 Employee Communications degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Sep 16 , 01:41 UTC Monitoring - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Sep 15 , 21:44 UTC Update - A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Sep 15 , 20:12 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Sep 15 , 17:59 UTC ← Incident History Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Instant IT Issue Resolution with Moveworks on Microsoft Teams Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks MOVEWORKS AND MICROSOFT TEAMS BRING INSTANT I.T. ISSUE RESOLUTION. Slow IT support limits the productivity of your workforce. An employee submits, on average, 1.1 IT tickets per month, with a typical wait time of five hours before an agent sees the ticket, and three days before it’s resolved. More than 60% of these tickets could be resolved entirely by AI. Moveworks is the cloud-based AI platform that’s resolving issues and answering questions right now in some of the largest enterprises in the world. Instead of tracking issues, we use advanced AI to solve them, instantly—without agent intervention. We apply machine learning and natural language understanding (NLU) at every step. To understand the request, identify the optimal resolution, and then automate the actions to complete the task. Moveworks delivers resolution from day one and gets smarter with every interaction. Employees chat with the Moveworks bot in everyday language using Microsoft Teams. The bot resolves issues instantly through its integrations with IT systems, including Active Directory, Azure AD, Office 365, and System Center Orchestrator, and it answers questions using knowledge hosted in Microsoft SharePoint. Key Benefits Microsoft Teams becomes the unified IT support hub Integrating with Moveworks enables Microsoft Teams to become a unified, natural language UI/UX for enterprise apps and services, including ServiceNow. Faster adoption of Microsoft Teams Getting IT support is a problem for every employee. The Moveworks and Microsoft Teams integration allows enterprises to demonstrate the benefits of messaging to employees across the entire organization. As a result, employees organically adopt Microsoft Teams when they see it delivers faster IT support. Better employee experience Moveworks autonomously resolves, on average, 40% of all IT support tickets with a resolution time of 60 seconds. Employees get their IT support issues solved in seconds instead of days—all with a simple, natural language chat in Microsoft Teams. More ROI from existing automation Enterprises running Microsoft Teams and Moveworks derive better ROI on their existing automated services. Moveworks makes this possible because its conversational AI understands the IT issue when the employee reports it in a Microsoft Teams chat. Moveworks takes immediate action, executing the appropriate automated service. Equinix delivers IT answers and help with an AI chatbot in Microsoft Teams “Moveworks is a rare breed of technology that immediately provides value back that we can invest in other areas of IT.” Milind Wagle, CIO, Equinix View the case study More Moveworks/Teams success stories Interested? Learn more? Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Live Product Tour of Moveworks  Moveworks Webinar Get a live product tour of Moveworks See how employees can use one conversational interface to surface information and take action across every enterprise system. Wednesday, October 11  9:00–9:30 am PT System and application fatigue is a leading cause of wasted productivity and poor employee experience. It bogs down support teams, and hinders enterprise transformation. If you’re ready to deliver instant support for your employees across any system or application — from a single language interface — this live product tour is built for you. We’ll show you: How to deliver employee support instantly with Moveworks’ out-of-the-box copilot functionality How to identify gaps in service delivery through LLM-powered analytics, and prioritize your next automation project How your employees can self-serve answers instantly from enterprise content and data, without compromising on permissions and access rights How you can create your own copilot use cases to drive business transformation Save your spot today! Save your spot today! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Couldn't join us live? Watch on-demand
Cloud Terms of Service  Atlassian Close View this page in your language ? All languages Choose your language 中文 Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Português Pусский Polski Legal Copy link to heading Copied! Cloud Terms of Service Product-Specific Terms Expanded Coverage Addendum Privacy Policy Former Workplace Privacy Notice Careers Privacy Notice Diversity Survey Privacy Notice Data Processing Addendum Data Transfer Impact Assessment Reseller Agreement User Notice Acceptable Use Policy Other Legal Impressum Archives Cloud Terms of Service Product-Specific Terms Expanded Coverage Addendum Privacy Policy Former Workplace Privacy Notice Careers Privacy Notice Diversity Survey Privacy Notice Data Processing Addendum Data Transfer Impact Assessment Reseller Agreement User Notice Acceptable Use Policy Other Legal Impressum Archives Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service Effective starting: August 1, 2023 Thanks for using Atlassian’s Cloud Products! These Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service (these “Terms” ) describe your rights and responsibilities as a customer of our Cloud Products. As applicable to the specific Cloud Product, if you are being invited or added to a Cloud Product set up by an Atlassian customer, the User Notice governs your access and use of the Cloud Product (and not these Terms). These Terms are between you and the Atlassian entity that owns or operates the Cloud Product that you are using or accessing listed here (“Atlassian”, “we” or “us”). “You” means the entity you represent in accepting these Terms or, if that does not apply, you individually. If you are accepting on behalf of your employer or another entity, you represent and warrant that: (i) you have full legal authority to bind your employer or such entity to these Terms; (ii) you have read and understand these Terms; and (iii) you agree to these Terms on behalf of the party that you represent. If you don’t have the legal authority to bind your employer or the applicable entity please do not click “I agree” (or similar button or checkbox) that is presented to you. PLEASE NOTE THAT IF YOU SIGN UP FOR A CLOUD PRODUCT USING AN EMAIL ADDRESS FROM YOUR EMPLOYER OR ANOTHER ENTITY, THEN (A) YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT SUCH PARTY, (B) YOUR CLICK TO ACCEPT WILL BIND YOUR EMPLOYER OR THAT ENTITY TO THESE TERMS, AND (C) THE WORD “YOU” IN THESE TERMS WILL REFER TO YOUR EMPLOYER OR THAT ENTITY. These Terms are effective as of the date you first click “I agree” (or similar button or checkbox) or use or access a Cloud Product, whichever is earlier (the “Effective Date”). These Terms do not have to be signed in order to be binding. You indicate your assent to these Terms by clicking “I agree” (or similar button or checkbox) at the time you register for a Cloud Product, create a Cloud Product account, or place an Order. For No-Charge Products, you also indicate your assent to these Terms by accessing or using the applicable No-Charge Product. 1. What these Terms cover. 1.1. Cloud Products . These Terms govern our Cloud Products, related Support, and Additional Services. These Terms include Our Policies (including our Privacy Policy ), the Product-Specific Terms, and your Orders. 1.2. Product-Specific Terms. Some Cloud Products may be subject to additional terms specific to that product as set forth in the Product-Specific Terms. By accessing or using a product covered by the Product-Specific Terms, you also agree to the Product-Specific Terms. 1.3. Expanded Coverage Addendum. Certain qualifying Cloud Products are also subject to the Expanded Coverage Addendum , as specified in such terms. 1.4. Software Products Not Covered. These Terms do not apply to our downloadable software products (currently designated as “Server” and “Data Center” deployments), use of which requires a separate license agreement with us. For clarity, however, any client software (e.g., a desktop or mobile application) we provide as part of the Cloud Products themselves remains subject to these Terms. 2. How Cloud Products are administered. 2.1. Administrators. Through the Cloud Products, you may be able to specify certain End Users as Administrators, who will have important rights and controls over your use of Cloud Products and End User Accounts. This may include making Orders for Cloud Products or enabling Apps (which may incur fees); creating, de-provisioning, monitoring or modifying End User Accounts, and setting End User usage permissions; and managing access to Your Data by End Users or others. Administrators may also take over management of accounts previously registered using an email address belonging to your domain (which become “managed accounts”, as described in our Documentation). Without limiting Section 2.4 (Responsibility for End Users), which fully applies to Administrators, you are responsible for whom you allow to become Administrators and any actions they take, including as described above. You agree that our responsibilities do not extend to the internal management or administration of the Cloud Products for you. 2.2. Reseller as Administrator. If you order Cloud Products through a Reseller, then you are responsible for determining whether the Reseller may serve as an Administrator and for any related rights or obligations in your applicable agreement with the Reseller.  As between you and Atlassian, you are solely responsible for any access by Reseller to your accounts or your other End User Accounts. 2.3. End User Consent. You will provide all required disclosures to and will obtain and maintain all required consents from End Users to allow: (i) Administrators to have the access described in these Terms and the Privacy Policy ; and (ii) Atlassian’s provision of the Cloud Products to Administrators and End Users. You will provide evidence of such consents upon our reasonable request. 2.4. Responsibility for End Users. Our Cloud Products have various user onboarding flows. Some Cloud Products require users to be designated by Administrators; some allow users to sign up for individual accounts which can become associated with teams or organizations at a later time; and some may allow users to invite other users. You are responsible for understanding the settings and controls for each Cloud Product you use and for controlling whom you allow to become an End User. If payment is required for End Users to use or access a Cloud Product, then we are only required to provide the Cloud Products to those End Users for whom you have paid the applicable fees, and only such End Users are permitted to access and use the Cloud Products. Some Cloud Products may allow you to designate different types of End Users (for example, Jira Service Management distinguishes between “agents” and “customers”), in which case pricing and functionality may vary according to the type of End User. You are responsible for compliance with these Terms by all End Users, including for any payment obligations. Please note that you are responsible for the activities of all your End Users, including Orders they may place and how End Users use Your Data, even if those End Users are not from your organization or domain. We may display our User Notice to End Users at sign up, account creation, Cloud Product registration, or in-product. If you use single sign-on (SSO) for identity management of your Cloud Product(s) such that End Users will bypass these screens and our User Notice , you are responsible for displaying our User Notice to End Users and for any damages resulting from your failure to do so. 2.5. Credentials. You must require that all End Users keep their user IDs and passwords for the Cloud Products strictly confidential and do not share such information with any unauthorized person. User IDs are granted to individual, named persons and may not be shared. You are responsible for any and all actions taken using End User Accounts and passwords, and you agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of which you become aware. 2.6. Age Requirement for End Users. The Cloud Products are not intended for, and should not be used by, anyone under the age of 16. You are responsible for ensuring that all End Users are at least 16 years old. 2.7. Domain Name Ownership. Where you are required to specify a domain for the operation of a Cloud Product or certain Cloud Product features, we may verify that you own or control that domain. If you do not own or control the domain you specify, then we will have no obligation to provide you with the Cloud Product or Cloud Product features. 3. What's included in your Cloud Product subscriptions; what are the restrictions. 3.1. Access to Cloud Products. Subject to these Terms and during the applicable Subscription Term, you may access and use the Cloud Products for your own business purposes or personal use, as applicable, all in accordance with these Terms, the applicable Order and the Documentation. This includes the right, as part of your authorized use of the Cloud Products, to download and use the client software associated with the Cloud Products. The rights granted to you in this Section 3.1 are non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable. 3.2. Support. During the Subscription Term, we will provide Support for the Cloud Products in accordance with the Support Policy , Enterprise Support and Services Policy (to the extent applicable), and the applicable Order. 3.3. Restrictions. Except as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms, you will not: (a) reproduce, modify, adapt or create derivative works of the Cloud Products; (b) rent, lease, distribute, sell, sublicense, transfer or provide access to the Cloud Products to a third party; (c) use the Cloud Products for the benefit of any third party; (d) incorporate any Cloud Products into a product or service you provide to a third party; (e) interfere with or otherwise circumvent mechanisms in the Cloud Products intended to limit your use; (f) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, translate or otherwise seek to obtain or derive the source code, underlying ideas, algorithms, file formats or non-public APIs to any Cloud Products, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law (and then only upon advance notice to us); (g) remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in any Cloud Product; (h) use the Cloud Products for competitive analysis or to build competitive products; or (i) encourage or assist any third party to do any of the foregoing. 4. Our security and data privacy policies. 4.1. Security and Certifications. We implement and maintain physical, technical and administrative security measures designed to protect Your Data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. We also maintain a compliance program that includes independent third-party audits and certifications. Our Trust Center , as updated from time to time, provides further details on our security measures and certifications. 4.2. Privacy. We collect certain data and information about you and your End Users in connection with your and your End Users’ use of the Cloud Products and otherwise in connection with these Terms. We collect and use all such data and information in accordance with our Privacy Policy , which you acknowledge. 4.3. Improving Cloud Products. We are always striving to improve the Cloud Products. In order to do so, we use analytics techniques to better understand how our Cloud Products are being used. For more information on these techniques and the type of data collected, please read our Privacy Policy. 4.4. Subpoenas. Nothing in these Terms prevents us from disclosing Your Data to the extent required by law, subpoenas or court orders, but we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you where permitted to do so. Atlassian strives to balance your privacy rights with other legal requirements; to read more about Atlassian’s policies and guidelines for law enforcement officials requesting access to customer data, please see our Guidelines for Law Enforcement Requests. 4.5. GDPR Data Processing Addendum. If you are in the EEAU, Switzerland, or are otherwise subject to the territorial scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) or any successor legislation, you can request and complete the Atlassian Data Processing Addendum here . 5. Terms that apply to Your Data. 5.1. Using Your Data to provide Cloud Products to You. You retain all right, title and interest in and to Your Data in the form submitted to the Cloud Products. Subject to these Terms, and solely to the extent necessary to provide the Cloud Products to you, you grant us a worldwide, limited term license to access, use, process, copy, distribute, perform, export, and display Your Data. Solely to the extent that reformatting Your Data for display in a Cloud Product constitutes a modification or derivative work, the foregoing license also includes the right to make modifications and derivative works. We may also access your accounts, End User Accounts, and your Cloud Products with End User permission in order to respond to your support requests. 5.2. Your Data Compliance Obligations. You and your use of Cloud Products (including use by your End Users) must comply at all times with these Terms, the Acceptable Use Policy and all Laws. You represent and warrant that: (i) you have obtained all necessary rights, releases and permissions to submit all Your Data to the Cloud Products and to grant the rights granted to us in these Terms and (ii) Your Data and its submission and use as you authorize in these Terms will not violate (1) any Laws, (2) any third-party intellectual property, privacy, publicity or other rights, or (3) any of your or third-party policies or terms governing Your Data. Other than our express obligations under Section 4 (Our security and data privacy policies), we assume no responsibility or liability for Your Data, and you are solely responsible for Your Data and the consequences of submitting and using it with the Cloud Products. 5.3. No Prohibited Sensitive Health Information. You will not (and will not permit anyone else to) provide to the Cloud Products (or use the Cloud Products to process) any patient, medical or other protected health information regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act or any similar health data protected under Law, unless expressly authorized by Atlassian in writing. 5.4. Your Indemnity. You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless us (and our Affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees) from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) resulting from any claim arising from or related to (i) your breach of Section 2.3 (End User Consent) or any claims or disputes brought by your End Users arising out of their use of Cloud Products, (ii) your breach (or alleged breach) of Sections 5.2 (Your Data Compliance Obligations) or 5.3 (No Prohibited Sensitive Health Information); or (iii) Your Materials. This indemnification obligation is subject to you receiving (a) prompt written notice of such claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for you to respond without prejudice); (b) the exclusive right to control and direct the investigation, defense or settlement of such claim and (c) all reasonable necessary cooperation by us at your expense. 5.5. Removals and Suspension. We have no obligation to monitor any content uploaded to the Cloud Products. Nonetheless, if we deem such action necessary based on your violation of these Terms, including Our Policies, or in response to takedown requests that we receive following our guidelines for Reporting Copyright and Trademark Violations , we may (1) remove Your Data from the Cloud Products or (2) suspend your access to the Cloud Products. We will use reasonable efforts to provide you with advance notice of removals and suspensions when practicable, but if we determine that your actions endanger the operation of the Cloud Product or other users, we may suspend your access or remove Your Data immediately without notice. We have no liability to you for removing or deleting Your Data from or suspending your access to any Cloud Products as described in this Section 5.5. 6. Using third-party products with the Cloud Products. 6.1. Third-Party Products. You (including your End Users) may choose to use or procure other third party products or services in connection with the Cloud Products, including Third Party Apps (see Section 6.2 (Marketplace Apps)) or implementation, customization, training or other services. Your receipt or use of any third party products or services (and the third parties’ use of any of Your Data) is subject to a separate agreement between you and the third party provider. If you enable or use third party products or services with the Cloud Products (including Third Party Apps as referenced in Section 6.2 (Marketplace Apps)), we will allow the third party providers to access or use Your Data as required for the interoperation of their products and services with the Cloud Products. This may include transmitting, transferring, modifying or deleting Your Data, or storing Your Data on systems belonging to the third party providers or other third parties. Any third party provider’s use of Your Data is subject to the applicable agreement between you and such third party provider. We are not responsible for any access to or use of Your Data by third party providers or their products or services, or for the security or privacy practices of any third party provider or its products or services. You are solely responsible for your decision to permit any third party provider or third party product or service to use Your Data. It is your responsibility to carefully review the agreement between you and the third party provider, as provided by the applicable third party provider. WE DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (WHETHER SUPPORT, AVAILABILITY, SECURITY OR OTHERWISE) OR FOR THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OR VENDORS. 6.2. Marketplace Apps. As further described in the Atlassian Marketplace Terms of Use , the Atlassian Marketplace lists a variety of Apps that may be used with Cloud Products, including both Atlassian Apps and Third Party Apps. Atlassian Apps for Cloud Products are considered “Cloud Products” under these Terms (unless we specify otherwise through the Atlassian Marketplace). Third Party Apps are not Cloud Products and remain subject to their own applicable Vendor Terms. We may enable interoperation of the Cloud Products with Third Party Apps as set forth in Section 6.1 (Third-Party Products). The terms “ Apps ”,  “ Atlassian Apps ”,  “ Third Party Apps ”, “ Vendor ”  and “ Vendor Terms ” are defined in the Atlassian Marketplace Terms of Use , which is a separate agreement governing use of the Atlassian Marketplace. 7. Using Atlassian developer assets. Access to any of our APIs, SDKs or other Atlassian developer assets is subject to the Atlassian Developer Terms , which is a separate agreement. 8. Additional Services. 8.1. Additional Services . Subject to these Terms, you may purchase Additional Services that we will provide to you pursuant to the applicable Order. Additional Services may be subject to additional policies and terms as specified by us, including the Enterprise Support and Services Policy . 8.2. Our Deliverables. We will retain all right, title and interest in and to Our Deliverables. You may use any of Our Deliverables provided to you only in connection with the Cloud Products, subject to the same usage rights and restrictions as for the Cloud Products. For clarity, Our Deliverables are not considered Cloud Products, and any Cloud Products are not considered to be Our Deliverables. 8.3. Your Materials. You agree to provide us with reasonable access to Your Materials as reasonably necessary for our provision of Additional Services. If you do not provide us with timely access to Your Materials, our performance of Additional Services will be excused until you do so. You retain your rights in Your Materials, subject to our ownership of any Cloud Products, any of Our Deliverables or any of Our Technology underlying Your Materials. We will use Your Materials solely for purposes of performing the Additional Services. You represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights in Your Materials to provide them to us for such purposes. 8.4. Training Not Covered. Your purchase, and our provision, of Training is subject to our Training Terms and Policies , which is a separate agreement. 9. Billing, renewals, and payment. 9.1. Monthly and Annual Plans. Except for No-Charge Products, all Cloud Products are offered either on a monthly subscription basis or an annual subscription basis. 9.2. Renewals. Except as otherwise specified in your Order, unless either party cancels your subscription prior to expiration of the current Subscription Term, your subscription will automatically renew for another Subscription Term of a period equal to your initial Subscription Term. You will provide any notice of non-renewal through the means we designate, which may include account settings in the Cloud Products or contacting our support team. Cancelling your subscription means that you will not be charged for the next billing cycle, but you will not receive any refunds or credits for amounts that have already been charged. All renewals are subject to the applicable Cloud Product continuing to be offered and will be charged at the then-current rates. 9.3. Adding Users. You may add users, increase storage limits, or otherwise increase your use of Cloud Products by placing a new Order or modifying an existing Order. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Order, we will charge you for any increased use at our then-current rates, prorated for the remainder of the then-current Subscription Term. 9.4. Payment. You will pay all fees in accordance with each Order, by the due dates and in the currency specified in the Order. If a PO number is required in order for an invoice to be paid, then you must provide such PO number to Atlassian by emailing the PO number to sales@atlassian.com . For Additional Services provided at any non-Atlassian location, unless otherwise specified in your Order, you will reimburse us for our pre-approved travel, lodging and meal expenses, which we may charge as incurred. Other than as expressly set forth in Section 10 (Our return policy), 18.3 (Warranty Remedy), Section 20 (IP Indemnification) or Section 24 (Changes to these Terms), all amounts are non-refundable, non-cancelable and non-creditable. You agree that we may bill your credit card or other payment method for renewals, additional users, overages to set limits or scopes of use, expenses, and unpaid fees, as applicable. 9.5. Delivery. We will deliver the login instructions for Cloud Products to your account or through other reasonable means no later than when we have received payment of the applicable fees. You are responsible for accessing your account to determine that we have received payment and that your Order has been processed. All deliveries under these Terms will be electronic. 10. Our return policy. As part of our commitment to customer satisfaction and without limiting the Performance Warranty in Section 18 (Warranties and Disclaimer), you may terminate your initial Order of a Cloud Product under these Terms, for no reason or any reason, by providing notice of termination to us no later than thirty (30) days after the Order date for such Cloud Product. In the event you terminate your initial Order under this Section 10, at your request (which may be made through your account with us), we will refund you the amount paid under such Order. This termination and refund right applies only to your initial Order of the Cloud Product and only if you exercise your termination right within the period specified above, and does not apply to Additional Services. You understand that we may change this practice in the future in accordance with Section 24 (Changes to these Terms). 11. Taxes not included. 11.1. Taxes. Your fees under these Terms exclude any taxes or duties payable in respect of the Cloud Products in the jurisdiction where the payment is either made or received. To the extent that any such taxes or duties are payable by us, you must pay to us the amount of such taxes or duties in addition to any fees owed under these Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have obtained an exemption from relevant taxes or duties as of the time such taxes or duties are levied or assessed, you may provide us with such exemption information, and we will use reasonable efforts to provide you with invoicing documents designed to enable you to obtain a refund or credit from the relevant revenue authority, if such a refund or credit is available. 11.2. Withholding Taxes. You will pay all fees net of any applicable withholding taxes. You and we will work together to avoid any withholding tax if exemptions, or a reduced treaty withholding rate, are available. If we qualify for a tax exemption, or a reduced treaty withholding rate, we will provide you with reasonable documentary proof. You will provide us reasonable evidence that you have paid the relevant authority for the sum withheld or deducted. 12. If you purchased through a Reseller. If you make any purchases through an authorized partner or reseller of Atlassian (“ Reseller ”): (a) Instead of paying us, you will pay the applicable amounts to the Reseller, as agreed between you and the Reseller. We may suspend or terminate your rights to use Cloud Products if we do not receive the corresponding payment from the Reseller. (b) Your order details (e.g., the Cloud Products you are entitled to use, the number of End Users, the Subscription Term, etc.) will be as stated in the Order placed with us by the Reseller on your behalf, and Reseller is responsible for the accuracy of any such Order as communicated to us. (c) If you are entitled to a refund under these Terms, then unless we otherwise specify, we will refund any applicable fees to the Reseller and the Reseller will be solely responsible for refunding the appropriate amounts to you. (d) Resellers are not authorized to modify these Terms or make any promises or commitments on our behalf, and we are not bound by any obligations to you other than as set forth in these Terms. (e) The amount paid or payable by the Reseller to us for your use of the applicable Cloud Product under these Terms will be deemed the amount actually paid or payable by you to us under these Terms for purposes of calculating the liability cap in Section 19.2. 13. No contingencies on other products of future functionality. You acknowledge that the Cloud Products and Additional Services referenced in an Order are being purchased separately from any of our other products or services. Payment obligations for any products or services are not contingent on the purchase or use of any of our other products (and for clarity, any purchases of Cloud Products and Additional Services are separate and not contingent on each other, even if listed on the same Order). You agree that your purchases are not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or features (including future availability of any Cloud Products beyond the current Subscription Term), or dependent on any oral or written public comments we make regarding future functionality or features. 14. Evaluations, trials, and betas. We may offer certain Cloud Products (including some Atlassian Apps) to you at no charge, including free accounts, trial use and Beta Versions as defined below (collectively, “No-Charge Products” ). Your use of No-Charge Products is subject to any additional terms that we specify and is only permitted during the Subscription Term we designate (or, if not designated, until terminated in accordance with these Terms). Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 14, the terms and conditions of these Terms governing Cloud Products, including Section 3.3 (Restrictions), fully apply to No-Charge Products. We may modify or terminate your right to use No-Charge Products at any time and for any reason in our sole discretion, without liability to you. You understand that any pre-release and beta Cloud Products, and any pre-release and beta features within generally available Cloud Products, that we make available (collectively, “Beta Versions” ) are still under development, may be inoperable or incomplete and are likely to contain more errors and bugs than generally available Cloud Products. We make no promises that any Beta Versions will ever be made generally available. In some circumstances, we may charge a fee in order to allow you to access Beta Versions, but the Beta Versions will still remain subject to this Section 14. All information regarding the characteristics, features or performance of any No-Charge Products (including Beta Versions) constitutes our Confidential Information. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all obligations or liabilities with respect to No-Charge Products, including any Support, warranty and indemnity obligations. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE IN THESE TERMS, OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU IN RESPECT OF NO-CHARGE PRODUCTS WILL BE US$100. 15. IP Rights in the Cloud Products and Feedback. Cloud Products are made available on a limited access basis, and no ownership right is conveyed to you, irrespective of the use of terms such as “purchase” or “sale”. We and our licensors have and retain all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to Our Technology (including the Cloud Products). From time to time, you may choose to submit Feedback to us. We may in connection with any of our products or services freely use, copy, disclose, license, distribute and exploit any Feedback in any manner without any obligation, royalty or restriction based on intellectual property rights or otherwise. No Feedback will be considered your Confidential Information, and nothing in these Terms limits our right to independently use, develop, evaluate, or market products or services, whether incorporating Feedback or otherwise. 16. Confidentiality. Except as otherwise set forth in these Terms, each party agrees that all code, inventions, know-how and business, technical and financial information disclosed to such party ( “Receiving Party” ) by the disclosing party ( "Disclosing Party" ) constitute the confidential property of the Disclosing Party ( “Confidential Information” ), provided that it is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or should be reasonably known by the Receiving Party to be confidential or proprietary due to the nature of the information disclosed and the circumstances surrounding the disclosure. Any of Our Technology and any performance information relating to the Cloud Products will be deemed our Confidential Information without any marking or further designation. Except as expressly authorized herein, the Receiving Party will (1) hold in confidence and not disclose any Confidential Information to third parties and (2) not use Confidential Information for any purpose other than fulfilling its obligations and exercising its rights under these Terms. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to its employees, agents, contractors and other representatives having a legitimate need to know, provided that they are bound to confidentiality obligations no less protective of the Disclosing Party than this Section 16 and that the Receiving Party remains responsible for compliance by them with the terms of this Section 16. The Receiving Party's confidentiality obligations will not apply to information which the Receiving Party can document: (i) was rightfully in its possession or known to it prior to receipt of the Confidential Information; (ii) is or has become public knowledge through no fault of the Receiving Party; (iii) is rightfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a third party without breach of any confidentiality obligation; or (iv) is independently developed by employees of the Receiving Party who had no access to such information. The Receiving Party may also disclose Confidential Information if so required pursuant to a regulation, law or court order (but only to the minimum extent required to comply with such regulation or order and with advance notice to the Disclosing Party). The Receiving Party acknowledges that disclosure of Confidential Information would cause substantial harm for which damages alone would not be a sufficient remedy, and therefore that upon any such disclosure by the Receiving Party the Disclosing Party will be entitled to appropriate equitable relief in addition to whatever other remedies it might have at law. 17. Term and Termination. 17.1. Term. These Terms are effective as of the Effective Date and expire on the date of expiration or termination of all Subscription Terms. 17.2. Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate these Terms (including all related Orders) if the other party (a) fails to cure any material breach of these Terms within thirty (30) days after notice; (b) ceases operation without a successor; or (c) seeks protection under any bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed, creditors’ arrangement, composition or comparable proceeding, or if any such proceeding is instituted against that party (and not dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter). 17.3. Termination for Convenience. You may choose to stop using the Cloud Products and terminate these Terms (including all Orders) at any time for any reason upon written notice to us, but, unless you are exercising your right to terminate early pursuant to Section 10 (Our return policy), upon any such termination (i) you will not be entitled to a refund of any pre-paid fees and (ii) if you have not already paid all applicable fees for the then-current Subscription Term or related services period (as applicable), any such fees that are outstanding will become immediately due and payable. 17.4. Effects of Termination. Upon any expiration or termination of these Terms, you must cease using all Cloud Products and delete (or at our request, return) all Confidential Information or other materials of ours in your possession, including on any third-party systems operated on your behalf. You will certify such deletion upon our request. You will not have access to Your Data (and we may delete all of Your Data unless legally prohibited) after expiration or termination of these Terms (or its applicable Subscription Term), so you should make sure to export Your Data using the functionality of the Cloud Products during the applicable Subscription Term. If you terminate these Terms in accordance with Section 17.2 (Termination for Cause), we will refund you any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the then-current Subscription Term after the effective date of termination. If we terminate these Terms in accordance with Section 17.2 (Termination for Cause), you will pay any unpaid fees covering the remainder of the then-current Subscription Term after the effective date of termination. In no event will termination relieve you of your obligation to pay any fees payable to us for the period prior to the effective date of termination. Except where an exclusive remedy may be specified in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any remedy, including termination, will be without prejudice to any other remedies it may have under these Terms, by law or otherwise. 17.5. Survival. The following provisions will survive any termination or expiration of these Terms: Sections 3.3 (Restrictions), 5.4 (Your Indemnity), 6.1 (Third-Party Products), 9.4 (Payment), 11 (Taxes not included), 14 (Evaluations, trials, and betas) (disclaimers and use restrictions only), 15 (IP Rights in the Cloud Products and Feedback), 16 (Confidentiality), 17 (Term and Termination), 18.4 (Warranty Disclaimer), 19 (Limitations of Liability), 20 (IP Indemnification) (but solely with respect to claims arising from your use of Cloud Products during the Subscription Term), 22 (Dispute Resolution) and 26 (General Provisions). 18 Warranties and Disclaimer. 18.1. Mutual Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that it has the legal power and authority to enter into these Terms. 18.2. Our Warranties. We warrant, for your benefit only, that we use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent introduction of viruses, Trojan horses or similar harmful materials into the Cloud Products (but we are not responsible for harmful materials submitted by you or End Users) (the “ Performance Warranty ”). 18.3. Warranty Remedy. We will use commercially reasonable efforts, at no charge to you, to correct reported non-conformities with the Performance Warranty. If we determine corrections to be impracticable, either party may terminate the applicable Subscription Term. In this case, you will receive a refund of any fees you have pre-paid for use of the Cloud Product for the terminated portion of the applicable Subscription Term. The Performance Warranty will not apply: (i) unless you make a claim within thirty (30) days of the date on which you first noticed the non-conformity, (ii) if the non-conformity was caused by misuse, unauthorized modifications or third-party products, software, services or equipment or (iii) to No-Charge Products. Our sole liability, and your sole and exclusive remedy, for any breach of the Performance Warranty are set forth in this Section 18. 18.4. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION 18, ALL CLOUD PRODUCTS, SUPPORT AND ADDITIONAL SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, FUNCTIONALITY OR MERCHANTABILITY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. WITHOUT LIMITING OUR EXPRESS OBLIGATIONS IN THESE TERMS, WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE CLOUD PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT WE WILL REVIEW YOUR DATA FOR ACCURACY OR THAT WE WILL PRESERVE OR MAINTAIN YOUR DATA WITHOUT LOSS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT USE OF THE CLOUD PRODUCTS NECESSARILY INVOLVES TRANSMISSION OF YOUR DATA OVER NETWORKS THAT WE DO NOT OWN, OPERATE OR CONTROL, AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OF YOUR DATA LOST, ALTERED, INTERCEPTED OR STORED ACROSS SUCH NETWORKS. WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT OUR SECURITY PROCEDURES WILL BE ERROR-FREE, THAT TRANSMISSIONS OF YOUR DATA WILL ALWAYS BE SECURE OR THAT UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTIES WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO DEFEAT OUR SECURITY MEASURES OR THOSE OF OUR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, SERVICE FAILURES OR OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN USE OF THE INTERNET AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR OTHER SYSTEMS OUTSIDE OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. YOU MAY HAVE OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS, BUT THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE SHORTEST PERIOD PERMITTED BY LAW. 19. Limitation of Liability. 19.1. Consequential Damages Waiver. EXCEPT FOR EXCLUDED CLAIMS (AS DEFINED BELOW), NEITHER PARTY (NOR ITS SUPPLIERS) WILL HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST OR INACCURATE DATA, LOST PROFITS, FAILURE OF SECURITY MECHANISMS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, COSTS OF DELAY, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE. 19.2. Liability Cap. EXCEPT FOR EXCLUDED CLAIMS, EACH PARTY’S AND ITS SUPPLIERS’ AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO US FOR THE CLOUD PRODUCTS AND ADDITIONAL SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE CLAIM. 19.3. Excluded Claims. “ Excluded Claims ” means (1) amounts owed by you under any Orders, (2) either party’s express indemnification obligations in these Terms, and (3) your breach of Section 3.3 (Restrictions) or of Section 2 (Combining the Products with Open Source Software) of Third Party Code in Atlassian Products. 19.4. Nature of Claims and Failure of Essential Purpose. The parties agree that the waivers and limitations specified in this Section 19 apply regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise and will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. 20. IP Indemnification. We will defend you against any claim brought against you by a third party alleging that the Cloud Products, when used as authorized under these Terms, infringe any third-party patent, copyright or trademark, or misappropriates any third-party trade secret enforceable in any jurisdiction that is a signatory to the Berne Convention (a “Claim”), and we will indemnify you and hold you harmless against any damages and costs finally awarded on the Claim by a court of competent jurisdiction or agreed to via settlement executed by us (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), provided that we have received from you: (a) prompt written notice of the Claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for us to respond without prejudice); (b) reasonable assistance in the defense and investigation of the Claim, including providing us a copy of the Claim, all relevant evidence in your possession, custody, or control, and cooperation with evidentiary discovery, litigation, and trial, including making witnesses within your employ or control available for testimony; and (c) the exclusive right to control and direct the investigation, defense, and settlement (if applicable) of the Claim. If your use of the Cloud Products is (or in your opinion is likely to be) enjoined, whether by court order or by settlement, or if we determine such actions are reasonably necessary to avoid material liability, we may, at our option and in our discretion: (i) procure the right for your continued use of the Cloud Product in accordance with these Terms; (ii) substitute a substantially functionally similar Cloud Product; or (iii) terminate your right to continue using the Cloud Product and refund any prepaid amounts for the terminated portion of the Subscription Term. Our indemnification obligations above do not apply: (1) if the total aggregate fees we receive with respect to your subscription to a Cloud Product in the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the Claim is less than US$50,000; (2) if the Cloud Product is modified by any party other than us, but solely to the extent the alleged infringement is caused by such modification; (3) if the Cloud Product is used in combination with any non-Atlassian product, software, service or equipment, but solely to the extent the alleged infringement is caused by such combination; (4) to unauthorized use of Cloud Products; (5) to any Claim arising as a result of (y) Your Data or circumstances covered by your indemnification obligations in Section 5.4 (Your Indemnity) or (z) any third-party deliverables or components contained with the Cloud Products or (6) if you settle or make any admissions with respect to a Claim without our prior written consent. THIS SECTION 20 (IP INDEMNIFICATION) STATES OUR SOLE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLOUD PRODUCT OR OTHER ITEMS WE PROVIDE UNDER THESE TERMS. 21. Publicity Rights. We may identify you as an Atlassian customer in our promotional materials. We will promptly stop doing so upon your request sent to sales@atlassian.com . 22. Dispute Resolution . 22.1. Informal Resolution. In the event of any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms, the parties will consult and negotiate with each other and, recognizing their mutual interests, attempt to reach a solution satisfactory to both parties. If the parties do not reach settlement within a period of sixty (60) days, either party may pursue relief as may be available under these Terms pursuant to Section 22.2 (Governing Law; Jurisdiction). All negotiations pursuant to this Section 22.1 will be confidential and treated as compromise and settlement negotiations for purposes of all rules and codes of evidence of applicable legislation and jurisdictions. 22.2. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. If you are domiciled outside of Europe, the Middle East or Africa (a) these Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws of the State of California, USA, without giving effect to the principles of that State relating to conflicts of laws and (b) each party irrevocably agrees that any legal action, suit or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms must be brought solely and exclusively in, and will be subject to the service of process and other applicable procedural rules of, the State or Federal court in San Francisco, California, USA, and each party irrevocably submits to the sole and exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts in San Francisco, California, USA, generally and unconditionally, with respect to any action, suit or proceeding brought by it or against it by the other party. If you are domiciled in Europe, the Middle East, or Africa (a) these Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws of Ireland, without giving effect to the principles relating to conflicts of laws and (b) each party irrevocably agrees that any legal action, suit or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms must be brought solely and exclusively in, and will be subject to the service of process and other applicable procedural rules of Ireland, and each party irrevocably submits to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland, generally and unconditionally, with respect to any action, suit or proceeding brought by it or against it by the other party. In any action or proceeding to enforce a party’s rights under these Terms, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable costs and attorneys' fees. 22.3. Injunctive Relief; Enforcement. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 22.1 (Informal Resolution) and 22.2 (Governing Law; Jurisdiction), nothing in these Terms will prevent us from seeking injunctive relief with respect to a violation of intellectual property rights, confidentiality obligations or enforcement or recognition of any award or order in any appropriate jurisdiction. 22.4. Exclusion of UN Convention and UCITA. The terms of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the Sale of Goods do not apply to these Terms. The Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA) will not apply to these Terms regardless of when or where adopted. 23. Export Restrictions. The Cloud Products are subject to export restrictions by the United States government and may be subject to import restrictions by certain foreign governments, and you agree to comply with all applicable export and import laws and regulations in your access to, use of, and download of the Cloud Products (or any part thereof). You shall not (and shall not allow any third-party to) remove or export from the United States or allow the export or re-export of any part of the Cloud Products or any direct product thereof: (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any embargoed or terrorist-supporting country; (b) to anyone on the U.S. Commerce Department’s Denied Persons, Entity, or Unverified Lists or the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Consolidated Sanctions list (collectively, “ Prohibited Persons ”); (c) to any country to which such export or re-export is restricted or prohibited, or as to which the United States government or any agency thereof requires an export license or other governmental approval at the time of export or re-export without first obtaining such license or approval; or (d) otherwise in violation of any export or import restrictions, laws or regulations of any United States or foreign agency or authority. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such prohibited country and (ii) none of Your Data is controlled under the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations or similar Laws in other jurisdictions. You also certify that you are not a Prohibited Person nor owned, controlled by, or acting on behalf of a Prohibited Person. You agree not to use or provide the Cloud Products for any prohibited end use, including to support any nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation, or missile technology, without the prior permission of the United States government. 24. Changes to these Terms. We may modify the terms and conditions of these Terms (including Our Policies) from time to time, with notice to you in accordance with Section 26.1 (Notices) or by posting the modified Terms on our website. Together with notice, we will specify the effective date of the modifications. 24.1. No-Charge Products. You must accept the modifications to continue using the No-Charge Products. If you object to the modifications, your exclusive remedy is to cease using the No-Charge Products. 24.2. Paid Subscriptions. Except as otherwise indicated below, modifications to these Terms will take effect at the next renewal of your Subscription Term and will automatically apply as of the renewal date unless you elect not to renew pursuant to Section 9.2 (Renewals). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in some cases (e.g., to address compliance with Laws, or as necessary for new features) we may specify that such modifications become effective during your then-current Subscription Term. If the effective date of such modifications is during your then-current Subscription Term and you object to the modifications, then (as your exclusive remedy) you may terminate your affected Orders upon notice to us, and we will refund you any fees you have pre-paid for use of the affected Cloud Products for the terminated portion of the applicable Subscription Term. To exercise this right, you must provide us with notice of your objection and termination within thirty (30) days of us providing notice of the modifications. For the avoidance of doubt, any Order is subject to the version of these Terms in effect at the time of the Order. 24.3. Our Policies. We may modify Our Policies to take effect during your then-current Subscription Term in order to respond to changes in our products, our business, or Laws. In this case, unless required by Laws, we agree not to make modifications to Our Policies that, considered as a whole, would substantially diminish our obligations during your then-current Subscription Term. Modifications to Our Policies will take effect automatically as of the effective date specified for the updated policies. 25. Changes to the Cloud Products. You acknowledge that the Cloud Products are on-line, subscription-based products, and that in order to provide improved customer experience we may make changes to the Cloud Products, and we may update the applicable Documentation accordingly. Subject to our obligation to provide Cloud Products and Additional Services under existing Orders, we can discontinue any Cloud Products, any Additional Services, or any portion or feature of any Cloud Products for any reason at any time without liability to you. 26. General Provisions. 26.1. Notices. Any notice under these Terms must be given in writing. We may provide notice to you through your Notification Email Address, your account or in-product notifications. You agree that any electronic communication will satisfy any applicable legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. Any notice to you will be deemed given upon the first business day after we send it. You will provide notice to us by post to Atlassian Pty Ltd, c/o Atlassian, Inc., 350 Bush Street, Floor 13, San Francisco, CA, USA 94104, Attn: General Counsel. Your notices to us will be deemed given upon receipt. 26.2. Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable to the other for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under these Terms (except for a failure to pay fees) if the delay or failure is due to events which are beyond the reasonable control of such party, such as a strike, blockade, war, act of terrorism, riot, natural disaster, failure or diminishment of power or telecommunications or data networks or services, or refusal of a license by a government agency. 26.3. Assignment. You may not assign or transfer these Terms without our prior written consent. As an exception to the foregoing, you may assign these Terms in their entirety (including all Orders) to your successor resulting from a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of your assets or voting securities, provided that you provide us with prompt written notice of the assignment and the assignee agrees in writing to assume all of your obligations under these Terms. Any attempt by you to transfer or assign these Terms except as expressly authorized above will be null and void. We may assign our rights and obligations under these Terms (in whole or in part) without your consent. We may also permit our Affiliates, agents and contractors to exercise our rights or perform our obligations under these Terms, in which case we will remain responsible for their compliance with these Terms. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will inure to the parties’ permitted successors and assigns. 26.4. Government End Users. Any United States federal, state, or local government customers are subject to the Government Amendment in addition to these Terms. 26.5. Entire Agreement. These Terms are the entire agreement between you and us relating to the Cloud Products and any other subject matter covered by these Terms, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and representations between you and us with respect to the Cloud Products or any other subject matter covered by these Terms. No provision of any purchase order or other business form employed by you will supersede or supplement the terms and conditions of these Terms, and any such document relating to these Terms will be for administrative purposes only and will have no legal effect. 26.6. Conflicts. In event of any conflict between the main body of these Terms and either Our Policies or Product-Specific Terms, Our Policies or Product-Specific Terms (as applicable) will control with respect to their subject matter. 26.7. Waivers; Modifications. No failure or delay by the injured party to these Terms in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder at law or equity. Except as set forth in Section 24 (Changes to these Terms), any amendments or modifications to these Terms must be executed in writing by an authorized representative of each party. 26.8. Interpretation. As used herein, “including” (and its variants) means “including without limitation” (and its variants). Headings are for convenience only. If any provision of these Terms is held to be void, invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other provisions will continue in full force and effect. 26.9. Independent Contractors. The parties are independent contractors. These Terms will not be construed as constituting either party as a partner of the other or to create any other form of legal association that would give either party the express or implied right, power or authority to create any duty or obligation of the other party. 27. Definitions. Certain capitalized terms are defined in this Section 27, and others are defined contextually in these Terms. “ Additional Services ” means Atlassian Advisory Services, premier or priority support or other services related to the Cloud Products we provide to you, as identified in an Order. For the avoidance of doubt, Additional Services do not include the standard level of support included in your subscription. “ Administrators ” mean the personnel designated by you who administer the Cloud Products to End Users on your behalf. “ Affiliate ” means an entity which, directly or indirectly, owns or controls, is owned or is controlled by or is under common ownership or control with a party, where “control” means the power to direct the management or affairs of an entity, and “ownership” means the beneficial ownership of greater than 50% of the voting equity securities or other equivalent voting interests of the entity. “ Cloud Products ” means our hosted or cloud-based solutions (currently designated as “Cloud” deployments), including any client software we provide as part of the Cloud Products. “ Documentation ” means our standard published documentation for the Cloud Products, currently located here . “ End User ” means an individual you or an Affiliate permits or invites to use the Cloud Products. For the avoidance of doubt:  (a) individuals invited by your End Users, (b) individuals under managed accounts, and (c) individuals interacting with a Cloud Product as your customer are also considered End Users. “ End User Account ” means an account established by you or an End User to enable the End User to use or access a Cloud Product. “ Feedback ” means comments, questions, ideas, suggestions or other feedback relating to the Cloud Products, Support or Additional Services. “ Laws ” means all applicable local, state, federal and international laws, regulations and conventions, including those related to data privacy and data transfer, international communications and the exportation of technical or personal data. “ Notification Email Address ” means the email address(es) you used to register for a Cloud Product account or otherwise sign up for a Cloud Product. It is your responsibility to keep your email address(es) valid and current so that we are able to send notices, statements, and other information to you. “ Order ” means Atlassian’s applicable online order page(s), flows, in-product screens or other Atlassian-approved ordering document or process describing the products and services you are ordering from us and, as applicable, their permitted scope of use. As applicable, the Order will identify: (i) the Cloud Products, (ii) the number of End Users, Subscription Term, domain(s) associated with your use of Cloud Products, storage capacity or limits, or other scope of use parameters and (iii) (for paid Orders) the amount or rate you will be charged, the billing and renewal terms, applicable currency, and form of payment. Orders may also include Additional Services and No-Charge Products. “ Our Deliverables ” means any materials, deliverables, modifications, derivative works or developments that we provide in connection with any Additional Services. “ Our Policies ” means our Acceptable Use Policy , guidelines for Reporting Copyright and Trademark Violations , Online Community Platforms Terms of Use , Privacy Policy , Support Policy , Enterprise Support and Services Policy , terms for Third Party Code in Atlassian Products , and (unless specified) any other policies or terms referenced in these Terms. “ Our Technology ” means the Cloud Products (including all No-Charge Products), Our Deliverables, their “look and feel”, any and all related or underlying technology and any modifications or derivative works of the foregoing, including as they may incorporate Feedback. “ PO ” means a purchase order. “ Product-Specific Terms ” means additional terms that apply to certain Cloud Products and Additional Services, currently located here . “ Subscription Term ” means your permitted subscription period for a Cloud Product, as set forth in the applicable Order. “ Support ” means support for the Cloud Products, as further described in the Support Policy and Enterprise Support and Services Policy (to the extent applicable). Your Support level will be specified in the applicable Order. “ Training ” means Atlassian-provided training and certification services. “ Your Data ” means any data, content, code, video, images or other materials of any type that you (including any of your End Users) submit to Cloud Products. In this context, “submit” (and any similar term) includes submitting, uploading, transmitting or otherwise making available Your Data to or through the Cloud Products. “ Your Materials ” means your materials, systems, personnel or other resources.
5 Best Practices For a Better Knowledge Base  Moveworks Download Guide 5 Best Practices for a Better Knowledge Base Learn how leading service desks answer employees' IT questions in seconds Knowledge base (KB) articles allow employees to answer their pressing IT issues quickly, without consulting the service desk. But at most companies, finding those answers is a challenge — with knowledge scattered across multiple repositories, articles filled with technical jargon, and search systems failing to understand what employees need. How do top service desks overcome these obstacles? We consolidated insights from IT leaders to create 5 best practices to build a better knowledge base. Download the guide to learn: How Broadcom resolves 56% of all IT issues automatically How Slack created a one-stop shop for employees to get answers in seconds How AppDynamics grew at 30% without adding IT headcount Download the Guide Now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
The IT Leader’s Guide to Conversational AI  Moveworks Download Guide The IT Leader’s Guide to Conversational AI From ChatGPT to Enterprise-grade Conversational AI With the increase in AI innovation — as demonstrated by OpenAI’s ChatGPT — understanding large language models (LLM) and generative AI and their applications for IT is fast becoming crucial for IT leaders to stay competitive. Read this guide for a comprehensive primer on how to get the most out of the latest breakthrough of AI in IT. You will walk away with an understanding of: The top AI terms you need to know The strengths and weaknesses of large language models (LLMs) The top use cases for generative AI in IT How to distinguish between real conversational AI and ChatGPT hype Download the Guide Now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Moveworks: The Enterprise Copilot Platform The enterprise copilot platform Automate work with generative AI trained on the world's most advanced large language models. See how Previous Next Pause Play Cost Reduction Trusted by the best Blog Discover how Creator Studio connects people to enterprise systems through natural language. Read the blog Study In the Total Economic Impact™ study, Forrester finds that Moveworks customers see a 256% three year ROI. Find out how Guide By connecting Moveworks to your enterprise systems, you can build use cases for every department. Download the guide Register Now! Join us for Moveworks.global: Connecting AI innovators worldwide November 2, 2023 Find out more AI Copilot What is an enterprise copilot? An enterprise copilot is a fluid conversational interface that connects your employees with every business system. It’s built on hundreds of machine learning models, fine-tuned to your enterprise data. Available across every channel and fluent in 100+ languages, your enterprise copilot makes it easier than ever for your employees to get things done. Learn more Moveworks for IT Automate 75% of your IT issues Transform your IT department with out-of-the-box capabilities, pre-trained on an ever-growing proprietary dataset of enterprise language. See our IT solutions Moveworks for HR Get your HR team out of their inbox Answer 100K+ common HR questions at the flip of a switch. Deployed by Moveworks in weeks, not months. New model refreshes daily. Unlock HR support at scale Creator Studio Generate any conversational AI use case Empower your developers and service owners to build enterprise-wide conversational AI use cases limited only by their imagination. Connect systems with language Enterprise Answers Create one centralized knowledge base Combine federated knowledge from 30+ systems and 100+ public sources into one place for employees to search across, powered by semantic search techniques like GPT-3. Deliver enterprise search Employee Communications Send messages that drive action Craft targeted, interactive communications to keep everyone on the same page directly in chat, so nothing gets lost in their email. Make change happen in real time Employee Experience Insights Prioritize high-impact automation projects Uncover insights into your service desk performance by automatically analyzing the unstructured language in your ticket data. Turn requests into action Broadcom is resolving 57%+ of IT issues while seeing a 40% reduction in incidents with Moveworks Find out how All Customer Stories What you need to know about conversational AI ChatGPT’s captured our imagination. Moveworks’ VP of Machine Learning shares his thoughts. Read the blog Learn how enterprise IT leaders can get the most out of generative AI and large language models (LLMs). Download the guide Here are the most important AI terms to know in 2023 and what they mean. Check it out Automate support with Moveworks. Learn how Moveworks eliminates 75% of your help desk’s workload using large language models (LLMs) and generative AI, like GPT-3. Join our live product tour ㅤ ㅤ ⠀
Datasheet: Creator Studio  Moveworks Home Resources Creator Studio Datasheet Creator Studio The conversational AI platform that lets you generate any use case Download Datasheet What is Moveworks Creator Studio? The modern enterprise typically deploys over 200 SaaS apps company-wide . This has led to a complex and fragmented experience for employees who are required to learn each of these applications just to get work done. All those investments in automations, data, and knowledge – yet employees don’t know how to reach them. In this datasheet, we'll dive into all the details of Creator Studio, explaining: What Creator Studio is The cost of a complex and fragmented employee experience The three key Creator Studio workspaces: Paths, Queries, and Events How Creator Studio leverages large languages models (LLMs) and natural language understanding (NLU) Enterprise-wide Creator Studio use cases across every department Download Datasheet Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
13 Things You Can Actually Do With Conversational AI  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection 13 things you can actually do with conversational AI Varun Singh, VP of Product March 30, 2022 linkedin facebook twitter email Everyone’s talking about conversational AI. Thought leader after thought leader is sounding off about the importance of investing in a slew of machine learning-powered tools, practically shouting from the rooftops about the transformational impact of AI-powered chatbots in the workplace . Regardless of all the buzz around conversational AI, there’s little information out there on what it can actually do. Resources for creating your own conversational AI strategy or even details on everyday use cases are limited. Today, I’m here to show you that conversational AI is more than just a buzzword. It’s a powerful tool that can make an immediate impact across your organization. Companies like Palo Alto Networks and DocuSign are already using this technology to reshape every aspect of how their teams get help at work. The immediate, real-time support provided by conversational AI powers employee comms, offers insight into common issues, and much more — leaving employees more time to focus on higher impact work. So let me introduce you to a fraction of what’s possible with conversational AI on day one. Conversational AI offers instant support The power of conversational AI lies in its ability to respond dynamically. It isn’t limited by dialog flows or pre-scripted solutions. An AI-powered chatbot can help you perform complex, multistep tasks like setting up PTO, troubleshooting Adobe Acrobat, or submitting an expense report — without forcing you to learn a new interface. It immediately understands user requests and responds in seconds. Troubleshoot common questions A major reason employees reach out to their IT or HR team is just to get basic questions answered. Conversational AI can resolve common issues autonomously , freeing support teams up to address higher-priority work. Provision software With conversational AI, you can autonomously provision , or de-provision, the software your employees need to get work done. Instead of spending an hour on the phone with IT, they can ask a chatbot for access and receive a response in as little as seconds. Manage permissions Even the most capable support teams can find it difficult to keep track of hundreds of different users and all their permissions. When an employee asks for access to Tableau, a deeply integrated conversational AI can offer up a personalized solution , depending on that employee’s access level. Unlock accounts By integrating with identity management systems like Active Directory and Okta, conversational AI can proactively message employees to prevent lockouts and securely restore access with no help desk involvement. Fill forms Conversational AI makes it possible for employees to fill out and submit forms directly in their chat platform, using natural language. Filling forms — a process that once involved many different platforms and steps — can be completed quickly and conversationally. Reset passwords Large enterprises typically handle several thousand password issues every month. With conversational AI, employees can reset passwords by asking a chatbot for help, meaning thousands fewer IT tickets to worry about. Accelerate approvals Conversational AI can automatically route approvals to the right hands. Managers can easily accept or deny access using natural language, ensuring that employees get what they need, from software to PTO, quickly and securely. Conversational AI inspires action Companies use a range of strategies to communicate with their employees en masse, but usually it comes down to firing off a bunch of emails. Even if your people pay attention to their inboxes, this approach doesn’t make it easy for employees to ask follow-up questions provide information to your comms team on who’s acted and who hasn’t. Conversational AI flips the script, turning one-way messages into two-way conversations. Answer follow-up questions Employees will always have questions when their company launches a new policy or updates a security protocol. Whereas an email is a dead-end, when you send a message with a chatbot, you’re sending an expert capable of answering any follow-up questions . Onboard new employees On their first day at a job, new hires drown in information. By sending onboarding materials via a conversational chatbot, employees can start their jobs right — with the ability to prioritize top-of-mind questions on day one. Send targeted follow-up messages Your campaign doesn’t end after you send your message. Conversational AI offers visibility into your comm’s performance. When you know who’s seen it and who’s taken action, you can send a targeted reminder to ensure that the change you want to happen happens. Conversational AI kickstarts improvement Solving a support issue involves multiple conversations between employees and service desks. But when each issue is considered a unique, individual problem, it’s hard to see the big picture. By handling this back-and-forth over chat, conversational AI resolves issues faster, minimizing support wait times and, even more critically, offering unique insights into how to improve existing systems. Proactively identify recurring issues Every company has common support issues, from troubleshooting the VPN to getting a Zoom Pro license. AI can offer insight into the issues employees have so that your team can build the right resources and make it even easier for everyone to get the specific help they need. Triage issues to the right experts Many companies have hundreds or even thousands of assignment groups, meaning that service desk agents struggle to determine where to route issues. A chatbot solves common support issues instantly, but when expert help is needed — AI understands and routes requests to the right assignment group. Automate the entire ticket lifecycle Support tickets can take forever to solve because they involve multiple conversations between employees and service desks. But conversational AI handles back-and-forth autonomously. From updating employees to nudging agents to closing tickets, AI makes support seamless. Conversational AI is limitless I’ve only covered 13 conversational AI use cases here. But the applications are limitless. It makes it possible for support teams to completely eliminate common pain points, allowing new hires to ramp up quickly and long-time employees to grow. Conversational AI isn’t just about automating onboarding tasks or expediting approvals. Rather, it allows support teams to make thousands of tiny improvements in real time, transforming the employee experience. As more and more organizations recognize people as their greatest assets, company leaders have come to realize that they need to do more than drop buzzwords. They need to adopt the tools and technologies, including conversational AI, that kickstart an employee experience where problems are solved in seconds over simple conversation. Request a demo to see the Moveworks' conversational AI in action. More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Find your next job  Moveworks Careers Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Come work magic with us Meet our team View All Jobs The AI company that puts people first. Moveworks is the AI platform that powers the world’s best places to work — but there’s nothing quite like working here. As the experts on employee experience, we provide you with cutting-edge technology, total ownership of your role, and unbelievable benefits, so you can create your legacy. Our award-winning culture gives you the trust and resources to truly work magic with us. Here, you’ll become a leader faster than anywhere else, supported by world-class training. You’ll see the direct impact of your work on millions of people, at companies like DocuSign, Hearst, and Broadcom. And above all, you’ll have everything you need to do the best work of your career. About Us January 2022 Moveworks named the number one workplace in the Bay Area! Read why Ivy, Product Design Every company talks about collaboration, but I think at Moveworks, we have a different level. We're working on something that's so innovative, so new, and we go fast. CJ, Product Management You will be challenged; you will never be the smartest person in the room. That's what I love about working here. You will definitely be doing your best work. Eddie, Machine Learning If you have a great idea, there’s always room to try, and fail.  At the end of the day, Moveworks is a place where everybody has the opportunity to grow. Mattie, Sales The most rewarding thing about Moveworks is that none of this has been done before. There’s no script to follow — we get in a room and figure it out together. Sofie, Implementation Working at Moveworks has been a career-defining experience. The people, the transparency, the diversity: I can honestly say I have never experienced a culture as amazing as what we have here. Wherever you are, whatever you need, we’ve got you covered. Don’t think of these as benefits on a list, but rather a commitment to taking care of you — no matter your situation, no matter what you need, no matter where you live. Your health shouldn’t come at a cost Fully paid medical, dental, and vision coverage with no premiums Fully paid short-term disability, long-term disability, and life insurance Free daily meals Take all the time you need Unlimited PTO Unlimited paid sick days 16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave Medical, family care, and military leave Know your work is valued Competitive salary — we’re one of the best-paying companies in the Bay Area 401(k) with matching Equity and stock options Commuter and parking benefits Become a master of your craft Manager mentorship program Buddy program for new hires Paid industry certifications Continuing Education stipend WE'RE IN HYPERGROWTH 315 M Total funding 2.1 B Current valuation 500 + Number of Movesters Recruitment agencies & firms Moveworks does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our careers email or to Moveworks employees. Moveworks is not responsible for any fees or overhead related to unsolicited resumes. We value diversity at Moveworks All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. All departments All locations Loading job listings... If jobs do not load, please try resetting your cookies/cache and reloading the page Sorry, there are no listings as specified. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Equinix Makes IT Queues Disappear With AI Triage  Moveworks Home Customers Equinix Equinix’s AI-powered L1 service desk makes IT queues disappear Equinix transforms employee support with an AI-powered chatbot that instantly routes support requests to the right expert or group — with 96% accuracy. Equinix is the world’s largest interconnection and colocation platform. The company’s leading position in global market share is a tribute to the power of centralization: Its data centers allow customers to consolidate the entire digital business and reach anyone on demand via a single service. Download the PDF 96 % Accuracy in routing IT issues to the right experts Challenge Keeping IT headcount flat while scaling a global company Result Speed up IT service delivery with an AI-powered triage ticketing system that delivers the right resolution faster, while reducing costs The Problem Equinix asks how to instantly support a worldwide workforce The task of supporting a massive, distributed workforce is not an easy one, even for a company that prides itself on collaboration. Equinix’s IT headcount stands at roughly 400, and for CIO Milind Wagle, keeping that number flat while scaling the larger enterprise meant exploring automation. “Our strategy is always focused on automation and scale, which is why we’ve had our sights set on AI,” Wagle said. “But for a while, it was all just marketing slides — not something we could actually put in place to transform the employee experience.” A particular pain point for the Equnix team was ensuring that each support ticket is routed to the right expert. Service desk agents have to remember hundreds or even thousands of assignment groups, which means that misrouted tickets are inevitable, leading to seemingly endless support queues. With Equinix’s help desk based in the Philippines while the majority of its international workforce concentrated in the US and UK, Equinix wanted to avoid having IT issues pile up in a distant time zone. The Solution Equnix lets AI triage its support tickets In April 2019, Equinix launched Moveworks — better known to the company’s employees as E-Bot. Moveworks’ combination of advanced conversational AI and natural language understanding (NLU) enables E-Bot to resolve employees’ IT support issues directly in Microsoft Teams, no matter how they ask. “The Moveworks bot facilitates self-service capabilities that didn’t exist before,” commented Wagle, adding that such capabilities allow his team to focus on more rewarding projects. He sees E-Bot taking on an even bigger share of the workload as Moveworks’ machine learning models continue to improve with each new interaction. But that’s only part of the story. Crucially, E-Bot learned to distinguish between thousands of Equinix’s IT assignment groups, triaging issues to the right experts instantly. Instead of high-touch tickets requiring time-consuming agent attention, the Moveworks Triage Skill allows E-Bot to assign the tickets it can’t finish resolving to the correct subject matter experts — with the same 96% accuracy rate achieved by help desk agents. Between updating passwords, creating distribution lists, unlocking accounts, provisioning software, looking up colleagues, finding conference rooms, filling out forms, and more, E-Bot transforms tedious tasks into painless conversations that last only a few seconds. Employees spend less time waiting for help — and more time on what matters. We’ve had our eye on AI and ML for some time, and Moveworks is the first service that actually improves IT service delivery — providing the right resolution faster — while reducing costs. Milind Wagle CIO The Result Agent-level accuracy, at the speed of AI Just ten months into Moveworks’ deployment, E-Bot is resolving thousands of IT tickets automatically, end to end, without agent intervention. While on average, L1 service desks take five hours to read and then route employees’ support issues, E-Bot automatically sends each issue to the correct assignment group within 30 seconds, making the queue disappear. In fact, E-Bot now routes 82% of Equinix tickets, reducing the average lifespan of all its tickets by almost a third. “My team in the Philippines doesn’t have to read through each ticket anymore, which is a big boost to productivity,” Ogle said. “We have a very high rate of employee satisfaction with IT — 96% — and that number will continue to grow as E-Bot lets agents resolve — not route — complex IT tickets. More Importantly, we will continue to be able to scale and maintain our high level of customer satisfaction without adding additional headcount.” The Triage Skill has not only expedited resolution for employees but also freed up agents to focus on higher level work. Once a laborious task that took four hours out of the agents’ workday, ticket routing is increasingly done by Moveworks, automatically, on their behalf. Every issue that Moveworks routes is work saved for the service desk. For large companies, that frees up millions of dollars to reallocate toward high impact projects. Indeed, Moveworks is a unique asset: one that appreciates in value. Every interaction that users have with the bot is another data point to improve its models, which today benefit from 70 million IT tickets. “Moveworks is only going to get smarter over time,” Wagle said. “Anyone who’s in an IT leadership role should actively be evaluating and using this kind of AI bot.” ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Moveworks Let Moveworks' AI triage your support tickets Moveworks' AI routes complicated support request to the right expert of group with 96% accuracy. Learn more Create your own conversational AI strategy A conversational AI strategy is a necessity in the modern workplace. Here's what you need... Read more 13 things you can actually do with conversational AI There are an infinity use cases for conversational AI. Here are just 13 of many ways you can use it today. Read the blog Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Moveworks Status Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . All Systems Operational Enterprise Messaging Integrations ? Health of the messaging platforms where Moveworks bots are deployed Operational Microsoft Teams ? Based on latest updates from Microsoft (https://portal.office.com/servicestatus) Operational Moveworks for Web ? Moveworks bots integrated within web portals (e.g. ServiceNow, Sharepoint) Operational Cisco Webex Teams ? Based on latest updates from Webex status page (https://status.webex.com/) Operational Google Chat ? Based on latest updates from Google apps status (https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard) Operational Slack Messaging ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Apps/Integrations/APIs ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Notifications ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Connections ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Access Skills Operational Account Access ? Managing password resets/updates, account lockouts, and MFA resets through the bot Operational Group Access ? Managing distribution list creations and additions through the bot Operational Software Access ? Provisioning access to software applications through the bot Operational Smart Forms ? Finding forms from your service catalog and submitting them through the bot Operational Enterprise Approvals ? Notifying approvers and allow them to take action on approvals from your enterprise systems Operational Answers ? Answers from knowledge base articles, FAQs, and public sources powered by Semantic Search Operational Concierge ? Creating tickets, adding comments, and getting status updates through the bot Operational Triage ? Routing support requests to the right experts using machine-learning predictions Operational Lookups ? People &amp; Places lookups Operational Message API ? Connects to enterprise tools &amp; data and sends messages to users natively through the bot Operational Business Queries ? Allows users to look up information from your business systems Operational Employee Experience Insights Operational Multilingual Support (MLS) Operational Creator Studio Operational Paths Workspace Operational Queries Workspace Operational Events Workspace Operational Control Center Operational Employee Communications ? Sending targeted communications to employees at scale Operational Performance Insights ? Dashboards to help you visualize every aspect of your AI deployment Operational Channel Resolver Operational Operational Degraded Performance Partial Outage Major Outage Maintenance Past Incidents Sep 30 , 2023 No incidents reported today. Sep 29 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 28 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 27 , 2023 Ticket processing degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Sep 27 , 17:18 UTC Monitoring - We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Sep 27 , 16:53 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Sep 27 , 16:25 UTC Sep 26 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 25 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 24 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 23 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 22 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 21 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 20 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 19 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 18 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 17 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 16 , 2023 Employee Communications degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Sep 16 , 01:41 UTC Monitoring - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Sep 15 , 21:44 UTC Update - A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Sep 15 , 20:12 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Sep 15 , 17:59 UTC ← Incident History Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Respond To IT Issues However They’re Reported  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Anytime, anywhere: Respond to IT issues however they’re reported Ahmed Al-Bahar, Product Lead October 22, 2019 linkedin facebook twitter email We live in a world of choice. If I want to talk to my friends, I can choose to call them, text them, ping them on WhatsApp or maybe Facebook Messenger, I can email them, or even send them a letter! There is no single communication channel to rule them all, and there probably never will be, because we’re all a little bit different: we have likes and dislikes, habits, behavioral traits, and experiences that make us unique. And our preferences and styles shift over time, too. So it should come as no surprise that when an employee is in a moment of need in the workplace — they just got locked out of their account, or their monitor won’t turn on, or they need a license for a new app — they will want to reach out for help through a channel that makes sense to them at that moment in time, for that specific situation, and for that particular issue. Figure 1: IT teams need to support many communications channels An important factor to consider is that getting help from an IT support team is something most of us do roughly once a month. Sometimes we might go months without an issue, and other months we file a bunch of tickets, all in one go. But on average, it’s a once-a-month thing, and that means that even with the best of intentions, you’ll find it hard to remember about the new “self-service portal” that your IT team rolled out a few months ago, or the “app” they told you about that you forgot to download, or that “walk-up station” that was mentioned in a company newsletter… “What floor is that on again?” Chatbots are the new kid on the block when it comes to IT support channels, but the truth is that many chatbots become burdened by the same issues that hurt other channels. If your employees don’t know the chatbot exists, or don’t immediately think of it in their moment of need, it’s going to be a very lonely chatbot. This is why at Moveworks we obsess about making sure the chatbot gives employees results that are so good, they’ll want to return with their next question. It’s why we specialize in the art and the science of driving the adoption of AI-powered chatbots. More on this shortly. Many avenues for employee support When we think about the effectiveness of employee support channels, we need to consider two sides of the coin: which channels are best for employees, and which channels are best for IT service desk agents? Consider a good old-fashioned email. For an employee, it’s a great channel, because you can simply type out your issue, fire off an email to the service desk, and then forget about it until someone is ready to help you. But on the IT agent’s side, things are more complicated. The IT agent has the task of parsing the unstructured text of an email, and on top of that, employees are not always super explicit about what they need. If the agent needs to gather more information from the employee, back-and-forth conversations over email (to clarify the request) are notoriously slow. Figure 2: Issues filed and managed via email often suffer delays in resolution All of this shifts the burden onto the agent. It might be easy for an employee to submit a ticket this way, but the inefficiency of email means it takes a long time for the issue to get fully resolved. This is why IT teams have been so keen to find alternatives, like self-service portals. Portals looked like a huge opportunity for improving IT efficiency: if only employees had the foresight to use the portal and could correctly self-diagnose their issue, if only they'd find their way to the right form and fill out all the required fields, then the IT team could implement all sorts of workflows, scripts, and automation to handle the rest. Alas, “if only” is the operative term here: truly automated self-service was the theory, but rarely the reality. So are portals effective? It’s worth pointing out that some employees do use portals. Some even prefer portals. Portals haven’t completely failed enterprise employees. But they aren’t the panacea that many had hoped for. According to the Service Desk Institute, less than 12% of organizations have realized their anticipated return on investment in self-service portals. Figure 3: As portals become complex, employees find them hard to navigate The logic behind portals seemed reasonably sound a few years ago. It went something like this: Amazon.com is really popular for shopping; people must love the Amazon UI experience; therefore, let’s create an “Amazon-like” web UI for IT support. And so, creating an “Amazon-like” employee experience became the mantra of many IT support teams building out portals. However, there are some flaws in this logic. First, only a small portion of people actually shop through an Amazon-like experience . Even today, Amazon represents only 5% of the retail market in the US. Even the entire e-commerce category accounts for just 14% of retail sales. So while some people do like the Amazon experience, most people still prefer to go to a physical store. Old habits die hard, in both retail and IT support. Second, there is a big contextual difference between shopping and getting help. When you’re sitting down to browse an online store, you’re probably pretty relaxed; you’re up for reading a few reviews, looking at some suggested alternatives, and enjoying the whole shopping experience. But when you need urgent support, things are a little different. Imagine you’ve just been involved in a car accident. Would you want to navigate to a web page and identify which service you require, select the most relevant incident type, and then fill out a form to provide details? Or would you prefer to call the emergency services, tell them what happened, and have them figure out the best course of action? Probably the latter. In a moment of need, you want to shift the burden onto somebody else (an expert) as quickly as possible. Of course, your computer crashing isn’t as serious as your car crashing. But it’s important to understand the difference in mindset of someone who needs help compared with someone who needs new shoes. It’s a different experience. There are more things to consider here: Infrequent use : When employees have only one IT support issue a month, it’s difficult to instill a new ticket filing habit. How do you get them to bookmark a portal URL in their browser? Do they need to be on the VPN to use it? How do you get them to make the mental connection between having an IT issue and navigating to the portal? Steep learning curve : Portals are like filing systems. The IT team creates menus, sub-menus, and navigation structures to help employees find a relevant form. But portals are typically organized the way IT teams think they should be organized, and this doesn’t always make sense to employees. For example, the following series of menus and forms makes logical sense: Hardware Request > AV Equipment > Accessory Request Form . But if I need an HDMI cable for my monitor, there’s a good chance I’ll never discover this form; after all, from my perspective, I want an HDMI cable , not an Accessory. Generic Requests: Most portals include a “Generic Request” form, which employees can fill out if they haven’t found (or can’t be bothered to look for) a more specific form. Generic request forms typically include fields for a short description and long description. The resulting tickets look pretty similar to what you’d get via an email: highly unstructured, free-form text. We’ve seen companies where as many as 80% (!) of form completions through the portal are generic request forms; for a typical company, about 50% of form completions are generic requests. The prevalence of unstructured, generic requests defeats the entire purpose of IT support portals. We’ll share some data on this in future posts. Growing cost : Portals require a lot of maintenance. You have to update the form titles and descriptions, the images and workflows, the automations and integrations, the UI, the navigational structure, and so on. The initial build-out of a portal can easily take several months, and later, continuous management and maintenance usually require a dedicated team. Supporting employees where they are and when they need help When thinking about the relevancy and efficiency of channels, it’s important to understand the wider context of IT support communications beyond just filing tickets. Consider a few common scenarios in IT support: an IT agent reaches out to an employee to clarify an ambiguity in a ticket the employee just filed; an IT agent reaches out to inform an employee that their request for a new software license requires a manager's approval; or IT proactively notifies employees because a system alert has identified an issue that affects them. Many of these scenarios require two-way, back-and-forth communication, which is why enterprise messaging platforms are becoming increasingly popular as a support channel. When an employee needs help Being human, employees want an easy way of requesting help. Until recently, most employees would choose email or chatting with a live agent. Now, with enterprise chat quickly becoming the predominant way for employees to get work done, a growing number of employees prefer to engage with the IT team over chat. A statistic from Slack illustrates this point: 87% of Slack’s enterprise chat users say that chat messaging improves communication and collaboration in their organization. When an IT issue needs the employee’s attention Often an employee’s input is needed to resolve an issue. If you've just requested a new monitor, but forgot to mention what size monitor you need, then the service desk agent will add a comment to the ticket asking you which size to order. This comment generates an email, but you don't notice it in your inbox for a few days. There's a better way. A modern support system must be able to reach out to the employee in a way that gets their attention instantly and without wasting their time. Enterprise chat offers the solution for this. An average of 60-70% of employees are active on their enterprise chat platform each week, and that number is growing steadily. That makes chat a great way to contact the employee when the IT team needs information to help resolve the issue, or just to update the employee on progress. Best of all, it doesn't matter what channel the issue originated in. Even for an issue that started out as an email, a reach-out over chat will usually get a faster response from the employee. When IT detects a problem that the employee should know about A well-instrumented IT environment often knows about an issue before the affected employee is aware of it. For example, IT knows the minute an employee has exceeded the limit of failed login attempts and been locked out. In this case, a quick chat message from IT can save hours of time for the employee. Figure 4: IT systems can reach out to employees to alert them about issues Likewise, the IT team wants to be able to alert employees in advance of planned downtimes and migrations. Here, too, the IT team can reach affected employees over chat before trouble has a chance to happen. Intercepting issues across channels The cases we outlined above seem wide-ranging — when an employee needs a fast way to ask for help; when an employee has filed a ticket, but now the agent needs more information; and when IT needs to inform the employee about an issue — but what they have in common is a need to work across many channels with a minimum of burden on the employee and agent. This demands a system that can inform itself of issues across a wide range of channels, and respond appropriately. And that's what Moveworks has built. We've addressed this by building an AI platform that can intercept tickets across the board, seamlessly, through its integrations with other enterprise platforms. There is no new app for employees to install or portal for IT to maintain. Moveworks simply plugs into an organization’s existing infrastructure. Because Moveworks is accessible as a chatbot in enterprise chat, it’s nearly effortless for employees to ask for help. They simply type their questions or describe their issues using everyday language. Moveworks takes care of the rest and resolves the issues completely, often in just a few seconds. Why chat is powerful for IT communication Enterprise chat platforms fill a void left in the patchwork of IT-related communications that happen via phone, email, portals, and walk-up counters. A majority of employees now spend their day communicating over enterprise chat, so they’re quick to embrace an IT bot on that platform. Chat platforms are built for fast, lightweight communication, which is essential for fast IT support: employees tend to read and respond quickly to IT reach-outs over chat, regardless of whether they’re currently using their laptop or mobile device. To see how this plays out in an organization that's quickly adopting chat as its main IT support channel, see the guest post from Stanley Toh, Head of Enterprise End-User Experience & Services at Broadcom. Toh talks about how his team has driven chat adoption for IT help and explains that employees have embraced chat-based support so fully that he expects to turn off telephone-based support soon for L1 issues. Other relevant case studies include: Broadcom takes on new challenges and new employees, helped by a new AI solution Medallia finds success and satisfaction with Moveworks Nutanix gets rapid results using AI for IT support chatbot it-support portal product features More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Chatbot Security In The Age Of ChatGPT  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Chatbot security: Conversational AI trustworthiness in the age of ChatGPT Damián Hasse, CISO Rahul Kukreja, Security Solutions Architect March 9, 2023 linkedin facebook twitter email Conversational AI is rapidly transforming how business is done. But with great power comes great responsibility — and one of the biggest responsibilities is protecting users from security and privacy risks. Thanks to advancements in conversational AI, like ChatGPT, creating sophisticated and natural-sounding chatbots has become easier than ever before. However, these advancements also come with essential questions around trust and responsibility. Today, we'll discuss strategies for using this powerful technology in a way that prioritizes security and privacy, and responsible AI. This post will answer the following questions: What is enterprise-grade conversational AI? What are the fundamental elements of a trustworthy, enterprise-grade conversational AI? Why are security and privacy crucial to trustworthiness? Whether you're a seasoned AI expert or new to the field, this guide is designed to help you navigate the fast-moving world of conversational AI and make informed decisions when choosing a solution. What is enterprise-grade conversational AI? Conversational AI is the technology that allows machines to hold natural language conversations with users. For example, ChatGPT uses conversational AI to answer questions, hold discussions on a wide range of topics, and generate text based on prompts given to it by users. Enterprise-grade conversational AI is explicitly designed for use in a business setting. Layering on top of large language models that power general conversational AI, like ChatGPT, enterprise-grade conversational AI often integrates with enterprise collaboration platforms, like Slack or Microsoft Teams, and popular enterprise portals, like Workday and ServiceNow, to surface the best information. Additionally, enterprise-grade conversational AI has been fine-tuned with additional domain- and enterprise-specific data to accurately respond to user queries with relevant results. To offer a comparison: If you go to ChatGPT and ask it to add you to a sales distribution list, it won’t work. On the other hand, an enterprise-grade conversational AI like Moveworks would use the information at its disposal to know who you are, what your role is, and which distribution list you’re referring to. Then, it would interface with the relevant systems and add you to that list in moments. As you can probably imagine, getting accurate and actionable responses like the example above requires gathering data from different systems in a company’s environment. As enterprise-grade conversational AI is often used in sensitive and business-critical situations that might involve employee data, financial transactions, or other critical operations, it’s unsurprising that security and privacy are paramount. And that begs the question: What makes conversational AI trustworthy? What are the fundamentals of chatbot security? When deploying conversational AI in an enterprise setting, there's more to consider than just the technology itself . Building trust into conversational AI means implementing proper data privacy protections throughout the platform to ensure that customers’ information remains secure. To make sure your conversational AI is trustworthy, you should consider eight fundamental elements as described below. Figure 1: Conversational AI platform overview detailing eight fundamentals of conversational AI trustworthiness. 1. Customer Trust A conversational AI vendor should consider building customer trust by establishing and maintaining information security and privacy processes and mechanisms. This requires an explicit commitment from the executive leadership to continuously invest in such key initiatives in a timely manner. Ultimately, the vendor's goal should be to ensure that customers feel confident sharing their data. Some questions to keep in mind: Is there a dedicated security team? Who is the CISO? What is the subject matter expertise of the security team? What formal security and privacy processes exist to safeguard data? Is there an executive commitment to security and privacy efforts? What in-built security and privacy features does the product have to offer? 2. Identity and Input Validation You should ensure that the information exchanged between the bot and your environment is properly validated and that user identity is safeguarded. The conversational AI’s infrastructure should also be properly configured with secure defaults in place. Some questions to keep in mind: How are users’ identities validated? How does the bot ensure that the information can only be accessed by the right users? What validation exists for untrusted user input? 3. Access Control In the context of conversational AI, proper access controls are key to ensuring that AI is making the information accessible to individuals who are authorized to access it. Moreover, the vendor should store customer data separately with permissions in place to ensure it is only authorized to users who absolutely need it. Some questions to keep in mind: What type of data does the AI have access to? How does the vendor limit access to your data? What permissions are in place? How is your data securely stored? How are access controls reviewed? 4. Hardened Infrastructure Hardened infrastructure is crucial for a secure conversational AI platform. It dramatically reduces the risk of cyber attacks by eliminating common vulnerabilities that malicious actors could exploit. Implementing robust security measures and then regularly assessing and updating them is imperative to ensure resilience against threats. Some questions to keep in mind: Where is the customer data hosted, and how is it safeguarded? What processes and mechanisms are implemented to ensure your infrastructure is properly configured? What monitoring, alerting, detecting, and auditing tools are in place to identify potential threats to your infrastructure? What evaluations are performed against the infrastructure, and on what cadence? 5. Data Handling Conversational AI in an enterprise needs to access and process data to service requests and generate user-specific responses. Therefore, to successfully deploy a conversational AI, it is crucial to consider how it accesses and processes data to provide accurate and personalized responses. A reliable conversational AI should utilize machine learning (ML) to improve over time, requiring proper privacy-enhancing technologies to safeguard customer data. Some questions to keep in mind: How is customer data securely handled in transit and at rest? What capabilities does the vendor have to delete data? What machine learning capabilities exist to properly safeguard data? How is customer data used for training the ML models? 6. Data Masking In an enterprise environment, conversational AI should be capable of handling sensitive data to serve various use cases. However, users may inadvertently enter sensitive data that is not necessary for the conversational AI to do its job. Therefore, it is important to mask such sensitive data from being exposed. Data masking ensures that sensitive customer data is concealed from people who might need to review or access data as part of their job, such as data annotators. A trustworthy conversational AI has this functionality to ensure that sensitive data is not exposed. Some questions to keep in mind: What data masking capabilities are in place? 7. Industry Certification One way to ensure that a conversational AI vendor is taking the necessary precautions is to see if they’ve obtained industry certifications and adhered to recognized security standards. These certifications demonstrate a commitment to safeguarding customer data and ensure that baseline security controls are in place to protect against potential breaches. The vendor should demonstrate its commitment to going above and beyond industry certifications. Some questions to keep in mind: What security and privacy certification does the vendor have? Does the vendor go above and beyond certifications? How does the vendor think and care about security and privacy? 8. Responsible AI Ensuring minimal bias in the development of ML models is a crucial factor in establishing trust in a conversational AI. Responsible AI practice involves ML developers ensuring that patterns learned from data do not perpetuate implicit or explicit biases. Anonymizing data, tuning models for fairness, and conducting bias-detection evaluations can show a vendor’s commitment to building a responsible AI, securing the platform while promoting fairness. Some questions to keep in mind: How does the vendor evaluate and mitigate possible bias in their ML models? Does the vendor perform any fairness-focused model tuning? Ensuring chatbot security for the enterprise When it comes to conversational AI, C-level decision-makers face big decisions with enormous consequences. It's crucial to approach any AI development and deployment with responsibility and caution as more and more industries adopt these solutions. At Moveworks, we've seen this technology's benefits firsthand, and we also recognize the importance of implementing robust security and privacy measures and ensuring unbiased machine learning models. By taking a thoughtful and informed approach to conversational AI that includes the fundamentals above, businesses can harness its power while protecting their users and promoting secure and responsible AI practices. Moveworks prioritizes trustworthy conversational AI From day one, Moveworks has been committed to ensuring the proper safeguarding of sensitive data in conversational AI. As a leader in the enterprise conversational AI space, we have been solving actual business problems for our customers, including DocuSign , Luminis Health , and Broadcom , for years. Our authenticated platform offers support through popular enterprise portals and collaboration platforms such as Slack, Microsoft Teams, and ServiceNow. Unlike other AI platforms, Moveworks leverages integrations with these native platforms instead of creating a standalone environment accessed by employees. At Moveworks, security and privacy are not just industry best practices but top priorities. We go above and beyond to safeguard customer data with innovative data segmentation features on top of AWS S3. Check out our conversational AI trustworthiness whitepaper to see how Moveworks excels in each security area outlined above. Contact Moveworks to learn how AI can supercharge your workforce's productivity. chatbot security More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Speed up employee support with an AI self-service platform  Moveworks Home Solutions Self Service Don’t let support issues slow down your team Keep your team moving fast with the only self-service support platform that they’ll actually use. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work The self-service solution that solves issues on day one Automatically solve issues in seconds. Employees shouldn’t feel stuck waiting for support. Moveworks helps them help themselves. Our AI self-service platform solves employees issues instantly — letting them spend less time on troubleshooting and more time on work that matters. Create one place to go for every issue. The average enterprise uses 288 different SaaS applications, making it hard for your users to know where to get help. Moveworks gives your employees a single hub for support, for every issue across every department. Get the most value from your resources. Bring together all your forms, knowledge articles, and FAQs to one place. The Moveworks platform integrates with your systems to automatically deliver the right resources to your employees every time. 7sec Average time for Moveworks to fully resolve a support issue at Nutanix 96 Of employees at Verisk helped by Moveworks 98 Employee satisfaction with the Moveworks bot at Procore Meet employees where they already work To do their best work possible, it should be simple for employees to get help the moment they need it. Moveworks combines all your systems into one conversational chat platform. Then, our AI-powered chatbot solves employees’ issues automatically — from password resets to policy questions. Intercept issues from chat, email, and web portals Easily access knowledge base articles Solve issues across every department (IT, HR, Finance, Facilities) Find out exactly what needs fixing If you want to enable self-service, it’s critical to understand where there are information gaps in your knowledge base. Moveworks helps your business figure out where to improve, so your team can create and update the knowledge articles that will make the biggest impact. Identify trends in questions Uncover gaps in knowledge Prioritize knowledge to write Take a data-driven approach to automation Learn exactly how Moveworks is helping your employees and what issues still need to be addressed. With our AI-powered insights, you can see if everyone on your Sales Team requests access to the same software, then automatically provision it. Moveworks shows you exactly what’s slowing your team down and how to fix it. Focus on the most impactful initiatives Measure the impact of every investment Report on Moveworks’ value and impact 95% of Medallia turns to their bot when they need help To free up its IT team, Medallia invested in a chatbot that put employee engagement first — with conversational AI. Learn from the best Challenge Freeing up the IT team to focus on digital transformation projects Result Automated IT issue resolution to buy back time for the IT team “Moveworks is the first solution that actually improves IT service delivery. The Moveworks bot facilitates self-service capabilities that didn’t exist before, giving employees the best support experience.” Milind Wagle CIO, Equinix Latest from Moveworks Blog With omnichannel support, employees can use whichever channel they prefer to get help and enjoy the same seamless experience. Find out how Blog The 5 components of the Moveworks Intelligence Engine work in unison to make getting help at work effortless. Look under the hood Blog Powering your enterprise chat platform with AI gives your employees the power to get help within the tools they’re already using. Read the blog Speed up support with Moveworks Request a demo
Why Employees Need Personalized IT Help  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Tailor-made tech support: Why employees need personalized IT help Sadish Ravi, Tech Lead Ari Kenney, Platform Engineer December 10, 2020 linkedin facebook twitter email We live in a world of tailor-made technology. Yelp uses our location to recommend a hole-in-the-wall sushi place right down the block. Spotify learns our unique preferences to design the perfect workout playlist. Everything is personalized. In fact, in many cases, customized tech is no longer just a luxury: we need personalization to sort through our endless choices. But when it comes to getting help at work, such personalization is nowhere to be found — forcing service desk agents to manually dig up employees’ information to address each new IT issue. The problem is simple: there’s way too much information for these agents to remember . With every employee relying on a constantly changing array of SaaS applications, email groups, and passwords, it would take a superhuman IT team to keep up. Figure 1: Personalized IT support requires a comprehensive understanding of every employee. At Moveworks, we’ve tackled this simple problem with a solution that took our engineers years to perfect: an enterprise identity map . Our identity system automatically creates and maintains a comprehensive map for each of our customers’ employees — without any effort involved from the service desk. Using those maps, the Moveworks bot can then resolve IT issues in seconds, informed by deep, user-specific knowledge about the issue at hand. In this blog, we’ll explore: What it takes to build an enterprise identity system How unique identity maps allow Moveworks to deliver personalized support Why service desks depend on personalization to manage complex IT environments What is an enterprise identity system? At its core, our identity system answers the question, “How can we use information about employees to solve their IT issues?” Tech support relies on harnessing contextual information from many sources to fix employee issues. Something as simple as answering a question about company policy often requires extensive background knowledge of the employee, including her location, department, seniority, role, and more. And to address the full scope of all IT issues, we need a 360-degree view of every player in the company. For Moveworks, that 360-degree view takes the form of a user-specific enterprise identity map that brings together everything from the email addresses stored in Active Directory to the support histories tracked by ServiceNow. Because not even a dedicated team of IT professionals can document all this information, we knew we needed to take a different approach. That’s why Moveworks spent a significant amount of time and effort to develop our identity system, which consolidates relevant data to create an identity map automatically . We gather disparate information from across a company’s backend IT systems, from Okta to Active Directory to ServiceNow. Each of these systems has access to important user information, but none of them have a complete profile. With our automated approach, every time something changes within these siloed systems, Moveworks updates the employee’s single, centralized map — turning data into actionable intelligence. Figure 2: Continuously updating employee identity maps creates a virtuous cycle, allowing Moveworks to deliver personalized IT support. While service desk agents are experts at synthesizing lots of contextual information to resolve IT issues, each new issue forces them to spend minutes, or even hours, tracking down that information. Moveworks’ identity system mirrors this intuition to help employees — but with the advantage of instant access to their identity maps. Of course, this is easier said than done. Upkeep on this identity system means updating millions of names, roles, email groups, locations, and titles. Since all these data points are constantly changing, we need to regularly update these profiles throughout the day. Consider Figure 2, in which Ellen asks to add Nick and Steve to a Slack channel. An IT agent would ask Ellen several follow-up questions to disambiguate the request: which Nick; which Steve; which channel? But Moveworks’ core automation platform, supported by our identity system, can add Nicolas Addams and Stephen Billings to the #dev-ops Slack channel. Service Desks get this type of frustrating and time-consuming employee request daily, and an intelligent identity system takes this tedious work off of their hands. Customizing tech support with enterprise identity maps It goes without saying that many companies are looking for automation tools. Service desks try to automatically solve as many IT issues as possible, recognizing that a manual approach is frustrating and time-consuming. Logically, many IT teams have implemented solutions to troubleshoot issues with employees. Yet, the majority of these solutions rely on preprogrammed conversations: a user mentions a topic which then triggers a fixed response. While these approaches lack personalization, we here at Moveworks are uniquely positioned to deliver the right answers to the right people by combining conversational AI with a deep understanding of identity. Service desks already have the backend information they need to automate IT — the challenge is that the effort involved in mapping this information to each employee request is formidable. Every action Moveworks takes is informed by our enterprise identity system. By aggregating data points from across all of these enterprise systems, this identity system ensures individual employees get answers based on the most up-to-date information about themselves and their broader IT environment. Figure 3: To deliver personalized IT support, Moveworks combines user information from across the IT tech stack. Let’s take a look at our identity system in action: Sending the right reminders The simplest example of how much information service desks have to manage is authentication. For a company with tens of thousands of employees — each with dozens of passwords — the easiest solution is to send everyone a blanket reminder to update their credentials. But people tend to ignore information irrelevant to them. With our identity map, it’s possible to send timely and contextual reminders. Looking at timezone and password expiration dates, Moveworks knows when is the best day and time to ping employees to change their passwords, avoiding lockouts and future IT issues. The key to delivering information in a way that inspires action is to tailor that information specific to an individual. Figure 4: An identity system makes it easy to be proactive when it comes to expiring credentials. Identifying the right people Chances are you know a lot of people named Chris. When an employee asks to add Chris to an email group or needs to look up her phone number, service desks have their work cut out for them to determine which Chris is the right one. But with an identity system, it’s possible to immediately understand why Andrea, an accountant, is looking for information on Christine, a financial analyst, and not Christopher, an engineer. Figure 5: Identity maps help disambiguate contacts with the same or similar names. Determining the right resources Deeply integrating identity into IT automation means that information is always up to date. By incorporating information from Active Directory, for example, our system knows whether an employee has access to a software license. So, when a newly hired employee asks for access to Tableau, the system can either automatically provision it or, alternatively, the system can nudge that employee’s manager to approve the application manually, depending on that employee’s permissions. Figure 6: Considering an employee’s security permissions allows Moveworks to securely provide resources like software, without involving the service desk. Providing the right answers When it comes to questions on company policy — travel guidelines, for example — the right answer depends on an employee’s location. Using our identity map, we know exactly where employees are located, so we can offer a highly personalized, specific answer . Figure 7: Keeping track of an employee’s location, department, and other information, a chatbot can surface information relevant to a specific employee. The necessity of personalized support Personalization is the only way that an employee can make sense of all the information, tools, and systems at their disposal. Remembering the details of every little update is impossible, but with the information contained in an enterprise identity map, relevant and actionable IT support is only a question away. Even the most capable IT team can find it difficult to surface the best IT answer. It takes so much time and effort to sift through dozens of disconnected backend systems. Personalization is the missing link between employees and automation. With a contextual, 360-degree identity map, employees get their IT issues resolved immediately. And the service desk has the time to improve their IT environment — knowing that every improvement will automatically be incorporated into the identity system. Contact Moveworks to learn how AI can supercharge your workforce productivity. product features More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
95% Of Medallia Uses A Chatbot To Engage Employees  Moveworks Home Customers Medallia 95% of Medallia turns to their bot when they need help To free up its IT team, Medallia invested in a chatbot that put employee engagement first — with conversational AI. Medallia is the pioneer in Experience Management. It’s a global market leader that leverages AI to understand, measure, and improve corporate experiences — for both customers and employees. Download the PDF 95 % Of Medallia’s employees use a chatbot to get IT help Challenge Freeing up the IT team to focus on digital transformation projects Result Automated IT issue resolution to buy back time for the IT team The Problem Medallia needed a way to automate common issues and free up IT staff Founded in 2001, Medallia is a global market leader that leverages AI to understand, measure, and improve corporate experiences — for both customers and employees. As a result, the company also prioritizes fast and frictionless end user journeys for its internal processes, including the IT support experience. To provide rapid tech support to its workforce, Medallia’s IT team investigated machine learning and AI solutions, attempting to use a chatbot to engage employees and automatically resolve their support issues in real time. This automated approach offered another benefit for a fast-growing company like Medallia: the ability to support more employees without additional IT resources. This way IT teams could focus more on challenging problems, not busy work. With this in mind, Medallia sought a partner who had deep expertise in enterprise IT. That’s where Moveworks came in. The Solution 95% of Medallia’s workforce self-services IT support in seconds In March 2018, Medallia deployed Jarvis — the company’s in-house name for the Moveworks platform — and never looked back. Immediately after the chatbot’s implementation was complete, Medallia employees could engage with Jarvis conversationally on Slack to instantly self-service their tech issues, from unlocking accounts to resetting MFA tokens to accessing new software . “We didn’t do any training for Moveworks; our people figured it out,” said Jillian Middleton, Corporate IT Architecture & Engineering Team Lead at Medallia.” You talk to the bot, and it gets right to work for you.” Problems that once took several days to fix manually suddenly were resolved in just seconds — fundamentally transforming the experience for both employees and the IT team. We’re pioneering a new model for employee experience, powered by AI. Our partnership with Moveworks has enabled us to deliver a level of automation that many people don’t realize is possible. Ashwin Ballal CIO The Result With a chatbot that engages employees, IT has time to transform the employee experience. Moveworks has not only made life easier for Medallia’s general workforce, but has also improved the IT team’s outlook. “With any support organization, especially IT, where you’re answering the same questions over and over, you worry about burnout and employee turnover,” Middleton said. Ultimately, IT’s satisfaction with Jarvis is part of a greater success story. In Moveworks, the company has found a partner committed to exactly that goal. “Our company helps our customers — and their customers — be better,” Middleton said. “Implementing Moveworks was our way to make IT better for everyone we work with and work for.” ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Medallia Speed up your help desk with one thing Know employees' preferred channels of support — and the one really effective lever to pull to reduce wait times. See the data How AI finds answers across the enterprise Moveworks leverages your company’s disparate data to match questions to precise, personalized answers. Read the blog Machines learned the secrets of language Natural language understanding and conversational AI have streamlined interactions between people and machines. Learn more Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Moveworks Live: Conversational AI For Enterprise  Moveworks MOVEWORKS LIVE Introducing generative conversational AI for every enterprise app On-demand video library available now! On May 11, 2023, we showcased how Moveworks will revolutionize the way people interact with their enterprise systems. From IT to HR to Sales, our speakers revealed a fluid, controlled conversational AI interface that can be deployed in minutes, with enterprise-grade control. Now, you can watch the on-demand videos and learn from the experts! On-demand videos of all sessions from Moveworks Live are available now — perfect for those who couldn't attend or who simply want to relive the magic. Access the exciting insights and exclusive demos that showcase how GPT-class models will connect users to every enterprise system through language. What you can expect from Moveworks Live on-demand: Hear from the Moveworks founders on how the enterprise can harness large language models for their business Learn about Creator Studio and how it will allow anyone to create conversational AI uses cases in minutes Behind the scenes glimpse into the near future, as we reveal the Moveworks roadmap to bring multimodal conversational AI to the enterprise A sneak peek into some mind-blowing new capabilities coming to our customers in the coming months Watch Moveworks Live on-demand Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Vaibhav Nivargi CTO & Co-Founder Varun Singh President & Co-Founder Bhavin Shah CEO & Co-Founder Moveworks Live Recap: 8 key takeaways you may have missed Read the Blog
Automate your ITSM for faster support  Moveworks Home Solutions ITSM Get the most out of your ITSM Bring the power of AI to your service management platform, helping you support your employees instantly. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work Unlock the full potential of your ITSM to speed up innovation and get maximum ROI. Create smarter enterprise portals Intercept, categorize, and triage support requests, without involving the IT team. Bring all the benefits of Moveworks’ AI directly to ServiceNow or other ITSMs. Automatically support your employees Automate ticket resolution end-to-end with seamless ITSM integration. That means your agents can work out of your ITSM — employees’ issues come right to them. Transform your ITSM with AI Minimize ITSM cleanup and maintenance. Our AI lets ITSM architects and developers build new workflows, without needing a team of machine learning experts. 95 Of password resets are completely automated at Freedom Financial 96 Accuracy in routing IT issues to the right experts at Equinix 7sec Average time for Moveworks to fully resolve a support issue at Nutanix Fix your workflows Never troubleshoot a broken workflow again. Moveworks’ AI platform resolves tickets or routes them to exactly the right person on your service desk, intelligently and automatically. Resolve tickets instantly or facilitate hand off of complex issues Speed up requests and approvals with automation Enhance your knowledge base You need to understand where your knowledge gaps are in order to prioritize what articles to write next. Once a new article has been written, Moveworks automatically ingests it — making sure your employees only see up-to-date information. When your employee has a question, our AI-powered chatbot surfaces the most relevant answer, right in your enterprise chat or web portal. Find gaps in your knowledge base Identify the most impactful knowledge articles to create Get personalized answers from relevant knowledge articles Perfect data management Your help desk is already overrun with requests, filing tickets shouldn’t slow them down. Our AI platform ensures tickets are properly categorized and work notes are automatically added. That means, your data stays clean and your agents stay focused on solving issues. Help agents prioritize their ticket queues automatically Categorize tickets using advanced NLU Easily add work notes to tickets Equinix accurately routes 96% of IT tickets to the right experts with Moveworks Equinix tackles employee IT support issues directly in Microsoft Teams, and Moveworks natural language understanding helps resolve the issue no matter how they ask. E-Bot transforms tedious tasks into painless conversations that last only a few seconds. Learn from the best Challenge Keeping IT headcount flat while scaling the company and driving adoption of Microsoft teams as the new collaboration hub Result Automated several agents’ worth of work while accelerating resolution time and raising eNPS (Employee Net Promoter Score) to 96% “We implemented our new ITSM platform to help us simplify service management. This gave us a place to queue tickets, but it didn’t help us actually resolve issues, so we started to look at AI and machine learning to help us reduce the workload on the service desk. With Moveworks, our employees get automatic support on time and at all hours.” Wendy M. Pfeiffer CIO, Nutanix Latest from Moveworks Guide We figured out the one thing you need to up-level your help desk, now we're telling you. Find out more Guide Find out why so many companies are automating their service desks. Read the guide Video Broadcom explains how Moveworks transformed its knowledge base. Watch the video See Moveworks in action Request a demo Support every team with conversational AI Explore our product
Moveworks Partners - Sign In Connecting to Sign in with your account to access Moveworks Academy Javascript is required Javascript is disabled on your browser.&nbspPlease enable Javascript and refresh this page. Refresh Your OneDrive version is not supported Upgrade now by installing the OneDrive for Business Next Generation Sync Client to login to Okta Learn how to upgrade Cookies are required Cookies are disabled on your browser. Please enable Cookies and refresh this page. Refresh Powered by Okta Privacy Policy
Triage Employee Support Issues with AI  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Let AI triage your support tickets. Moveworks routes complicated support requests to the right expert or group — with 96% accuracy. Custom machine learning built for your team. Using a bespoke machine learning model created for every single customer, our platform learns to distinguish between thousands of assignment groups. Now, issues start getting solved the moment they’re submitted. 5 hrs 30 sec Let your employees skip the queue. On average, L1 service desks take 5 hours to read and then route employees’ support issues. But Moveworks automatically sends each issue to the correct assignment group within 30 seconds. Our platform makes your queue disappear. Employees spend less time waiting for help — and more time on what matters. 96 % Accurate triaging with AI More accurate than an agent. Service desk agents have to remember hundreds or even thousands of assignment groups, which means that misrouted tickets are inevitable. This is a problem made for machine learning. Our custom classification models are 96% accurate at routine tickets, and they never stop improving. Unlock seven-figure savings. Every issue that Moveworks routes is work saved for the service desk. For large companies, that frees up millions of dollars to reallocate toward high impact projects. See moveworks in action Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
The Buyer's Guide to Conversational AI  Moveworks Download Guide The Buyer's Guide to Conversational AI Conversational AI is rapidly transforming the way business works. But how can conversational AI benefit your organization? What are the fundamentals of secure conversational AI, and how can you differentiate between different platforms? If you’re seeking answers to these questions, then look no further. This guide has been written to provide you with the latest insights, trends, and best practices for using conversational AI in your business. Reading on will equip you with practical knowledge and actionable insights to help you maximize the benefits of this transformative technology You will walk away with an understanding of: How conversational AI works Differentiating between conversational AI platforms How to use conversational AI in an enterprise environment The fundamentals of secure conversational AI 5 questions to ask during your next conversational AI demo Download the Guide Now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Creator Studio: A Generative, No-Code Platform  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Creator Studio: A no-code platform for enterprise conversational AI Varun Singh, Co-Founder and President April 25, 2023 linkedin facebook twitter email Let’s not fool ourselves. The massive number of apps and workflows deployed by modern enterprises has made it increasingly difficult to work efficiently. Toggling between fragmented systems has become the norm, with most employees spending a significant amount of time just learning to navigate the latest platform, not knowing how to execute even the most basic tasks or even which app has the information they need. How do you solve this challenge at scale across the hundreds of workflows you've built and all the knowledge articles you've written? Creating custom use cases can be a real headache, demanding immense manual labor and technical know-how. It can take several months or even years to just launch one. Moveworks' new Creator Studio is set to change all of that. Launching today, Creator Studio is a generative, no-code platform that connects employees to every system and application across the enterprise with a unified, natural language interface. With Creator Studio, the people who know your business best — service owners, system owners, and enterprise architects across teams and departments — can create custom conversational AI use cases in minutes, all without the need for coding, scripting, or complex dialogue flows. And you’ll be able to deploy everywhere . Each new use case built with Creator Studio will be available in collaboration tools, including Microsoft Teams, Slack, Whatsapp, Facebook, and more. This also includes support for various modes of communication, like text, voice, and image, with on-the-fly translation in over 100 languages. Starting today, language will serve as a universal interface that enables employees to bypass the complexities of enterprise ecosystems, search for information, and take action across every application simply by asking. Companies like Coca-Cola Consolidated and Power Design are already leveraging Creator Studio to use language as the primary interface for all apps, systems, workflows, and automations. Interested in learning more? Schedule a demo ! In the meantime, to give you an idea of what's possible, let me highlight the three key Creator Studio workspaces: Paths, Queries, and Events. Paths workspace: Generate any custom conversational AI use case in minutes Paths workspace is a powerful no-code tool that allows teams to create fully controllable, generative, and custom conversations about specific, frequently requested topics. Traditional conversational AI toolkits can be complex and difficult to work with, often requiring extensive technical knowledge and scripting expertise. But with Paths, teams can easily describe the use case they need, and the platform's advanced generative AI and natural language processing capabilities will take care of the rest. Figure 1: With Creator Studio Paths, you can generate customer conversational AI use cases with natural language. Paths makes it possible for anyone to use a system conversationally. Let’s look at expense management. Instead of finding the right app and figuring out the new user interface, employees to access their expense reports conversationally, saving time and effort for both themselves and their managers. Other use cases include: Transferring sales account ownership Provisioning a server Setting an out-of-office message Figure 2: Enable your employees to access their expenses with a simple question with Creator Studio. Queries workspace: Securely access data from any system In today's fast-paced business world, data is king. But the sheer amount of information siloed away in countless systems and applications can make it difficult for employees to quickly access the insights they need. That's where Queries come in. With Queries workspace , employees can access data from any system, app, or workflow across their organization in just a few clicks. Whether you need to check the status of a sales deal in your CRM or see the latest updates on a project in your project management tool, Queries has you covered. Say goodbye to juggling endless apps and systems and hello to fast, efficient access to the data you need to get your job done. Figure 3: With Creator Studio Queries, you can securely access data from any system. With the ability to enable data queries across applications, Creator Studio can enhance efficiency and productivity for employees, including the Sales team. For example, by allowing the applicable employee to query Salesforce data, Creator Studio can surface essential account information, freeing up time for more impactful analyses and prospect conversations. Other use cases include: Looking up account leads Surfacing Purchase Requisitions (PR) and Purchase Orders (PO) Retrieving legal documents Searching for pending inbox messages Looking up app owners Figure 4: Creator Studio lets anyone query Salesforce data so your team can focus on more impactful analyses. Events workspace: Send proactive, actionable recommendations Keeping on top of important events can be a real challenge, especially when you're juggling multiple tasks at once. With Events workspace , you can integrate with any application to streamline notifications and send proactive, actionable recommendations to help you stay on top of things before they slip through the cracks. From timely reminders about employee anniversaries to suggestions for cleaning up your disk space, Events helps you prioritize your work and stay ahead of the game. Figure 5: With Creator Studio Events, you can send proactive, actionable recommendations. From a user-experience perspective, Creator Studio helps employees act quickly in the face of critical events. With its rapid incident escalation capabilities, your team can resolve issues quickly and with minimal disruption. Other use cases include: Notifying that contracts are ready Reminding about upcoming interviews Sending follow-up support ticket surveys Sending laptop refresh reminders Enforce control attestation Figure 6: Creator Studio helps developers to rapidly escalate business critical incidents. Creator Studio: Not another rules-based chatbot The field of conversational AI has been transformed in recent years by using large language models (LLMs) and generative AI. Leveraging these advancements, Creator Studio offers an enterprise-ready platform that is both highly effective and infinitely scalable. Acting as a layer on top of your enterprise apps, Creator Studio allows users to communicate and take control of systems and applications using natural language. With seamless communication between each system and application, Moveworks can take action based on user needs, increasing efficiency and productivity. Compared to existing conversational AI toolkits, such as rules-based chatbots , Creator Studio is user-friendly and highly effective. Traditional solutions often require a great deal of technical expertise, precise coding of dialog flows, and are challenging to restructure. On the other hand, Creator Studio removes the need for dialogue flows altogether and instead harnesses the power of generative AI and best-in-class LLMs, like GPT 3.5 and GPT-4 — grounded by the Moveworks enterprise graph to improve robustness and reduce hallucinations — to generate any custom conversational AI use case. It is an enterprise-ready platform that facilitates easy implementation. Moveworks' conversational AI foundation powers Creator Studio At Moveworks, our dedication to pushing the boundaries of this technology is exemplified through our early access to the world's most advanced large language models (LLMs) on the market. We've been leveraging the power of LLMs and Natural Language Understanding (NLU) for several years, and our latest innovation, Creator Studio, builds on this foundation of best-in-class LLMs, proprietary NLU, AI, and machine learning technology. One of the unique features of Creator Studio is our use of multiple LLMs instead of just one. This approach is similar to having a toolbox with different tools, each suited for different tasks. Multiple LLMs with different specializations and abilities enhance their performance and better suit them for specific tasks. Using multiple LLMs provides a broader range of perspectives and knowledge, leading to more well-rounded and accurate outputs. With LLMs and NLU, we've changed the way conversational AI is used by the enterprise. Creator Studio is merely the latest example of how. With Creator Studio, our customers can use our out-of-the-box solutions or build customized conversational AI solutions tailored to their specific needs. This is achieved through cutting-edge LLMs like OpenAI's GPT-3.5 and GPT-4 and generative AI, which connect disparate apps and workflows across enterprises and allows users to create custom conversational AI use cases in minutes, without the need for coding, scripting, or complex dialogue flows. We're proud to be pioneers in using LLMs for conversational AI and look forward to continuing to push the boundaries of this technology. Creator Studio democratizes conversational AI for the enterprise Creator Studio marks a significant milestone in the evolution of conversational AI for the enterprise. Its powerful combination of large language models, natural language processing, and machine learning technologies empowers enterprises to create highly-effective, infinitely-scalable, and personalized conversational AI solutions in minutes without requiring extensive technical expertise. With its user-friendly interface, Creator Studio radically simplifies the creation of customizable workflows, streamlining the design and deployment of conversational AI applications across different use cases and industries. By democratizing the power of conversational AI, Creator Studio is set to transform how enterprises interact with their customers and employees. To experience the full potential of Creator Studio, interested parties can schedule a demo with the Moveworks team. Whether you're looking to optimize your IT service desk, HR support, or sales operations, Creator Studio can help you easily achieve your goals. Join us at Moveworks Live to learn how conversational AI is transforming the enterprise. Register now. news product features employee experience More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Legal  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Processing Addendum Moveworks Customer Agreement Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Moveworks Status - Ticket processing degradation Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . Ticket processing degradation Incident

          Report for Moveworks Resolved This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Posted Sep 27 , 2023 - 17:18 UTC Monitoring We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Posted Sep 27 , 2023 - 16:53 UTC Identified We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Posted Sep 27 , 2023 - 16:25 UTC This incident affected: Concierge and Triage. ← Current Status Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. × Subscribe to Incident Subscribe to updates for Ticket processing degradation via email and/or text message. You'll receive email notifications when incidents are updated, and text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. VIA EMAIL: VIA SMS: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Enter mobile number Edit number Send OTP Enter the OTP sent Resend OTP in 30 seconds To receive SMS updates, please verify your number. To proceed with just email click ‘Subscribe’ Subscribe to Incident Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Moveworks Status Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . All Systems Operational Enterprise Messaging Integrations ? Health of the messaging platforms where Moveworks bots are deployed Operational Microsoft Teams ? Based on latest updates from Microsoft (https://portal.office.com/servicestatus) Operational Moveworks for Web ? Moveworks bots integrated within web portals (e.g. ServiceNow, Sharepoint) Operational Cisco Webex Teams ? Based on latest updates from Webex status page (https://status.webex.com/) Operational Google Chat ? Based on latest updates from Google apps status (https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard) Operational Slack Messaging ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Apps/Integrations/APIs ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Notifications ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Connections ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Access Skills Operational Account Access ? Managing password resets/updates, account lockouts, and MFA resets through the bot Operational Group Access ? Managing distribution list creations and additions through the bot Operational Software Access ? Provisioning access to software applications through the bot Operational Smart Forms ? Finding forms from your service catalog and submitting them through the bot Operational Enterprise Approvals ? Notifying approvers and allow them to take action on approvals from your enterprise systems Operational Answers ? Answers from knowledge base articles, FAQs, and public sources powered by Semantic Search Operational Concierge ? Creating tickets, adding comments, and getting status updates through the bot Operational Triage ? Routing support requests to the right experts using machine-learning predictions Operational Lookups ? People &amp; Places lookups Operational Message API ? Connects to enterprise tools &amp; data and sends messages to users natively through the bot Operational Business Queries ? Allows users to look up information from your business systems Operational Employee Experience Insights Operational Multilingual Support (MLS) Operational Creator Studio Operational Paths Workspace Operational Queries Workspace Operational Events Workspace Operational Control Center Operational Employee Communications ? Sending targeted communications to employees at scale Operational Performance Insights ? Dashboards to help you visualize every aspect of your AI deployment Operational Channel Resolver Operational Operational Degraded Performance Partial Outage Major Outage Maintenance Past Incidents Sep 30 , 2023 No incidents reported today. Sep 29 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 28 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 27 , 2023 Ticket processing degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Sep 27 , 17:18 UTC Monitoring - We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Sep 27 , 16:53 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Sep 27 , 16:25 UTC Sep 26 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 25 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 24 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 23 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 22 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 21 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 20 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 19 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 18 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 17 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 16 , 2023 Employee Communications degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Sep 16 , 01:41 UTC Monitoring - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Sep 15 , 21:44 UTC Update - A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Sep 15 , 20:12 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Sep 15 , 17:59 UTC ← Incident History Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Support a hybrid work model with these 4 best practices  Moveworks 5 steps to create your own conversational AI strategy What is a conversational AI strategy? A conversational AI strategy describes how companies implement and improve an automated process for supporting employees, using a conversational AI platform that resolves their requests. Conversational AI has become a necessity in the workplace. AI platforms can resolve thousands of IT support issues, HR service requests, and policy questions at the speed employees expect while freeing up support teams to focus on high-impact projects. Despite the importance of these platforms, there aren’t many resources about how to create an overall strategy for supporting employees with conversational AI, from increasing user adoption to addressing knowledge gaps. The leaders who succeed with AI develop a strategy that guides their technology decisions — not vice versa. 1. Prioritize employee experience when evaluating conversational AI There are many factors worth considering to find the right AI platform for your business, including integrations, implementation time, analytics, and more. However, we recommend ranking employee experience as your top priority. If employees have a frustrating interaction with your conversational AI platform, they’ll never use it again — no matter its capabilities. So what causes these frustrating interactions? Typically, they’re the product of the “do-it-yourself” approach to AI, where support teams build their own hard-coded dialog flows to address common requests and questions. The problem is that conversation can’t be hard-coded: companies evolve, resources become out-of-date, and users change topics without warning. As a result, it’s critical to work backward from an AI platform that engages with employees in unscripted conversations, rather than trying to solve a few specific use cases. Here’s how Slack improved employee experience with conversational AI 2. Optimize your knowledge base for bite-sized solutions Once you’ve deployed a conversational AI system that understands employees, you need to create self-service resources to resolve their issues. And because nearly 30% of these issues are knowledge-seeking questions, according to our internal data, the best place to start is optimizing your knowledge base for conversational AI. When done correctly, every policy document, FAQ sheet, and troubleshooting guide is an opportunity to solve thousands of support issues — by surfacing the right snippet of text with AI. That means ensuring that each knowledge article covers only a single topic, is clearly organized into discrete sections, and is written with non-technical language. When employees go searching for answers, the last thing they want to do is spend 20 minutes reading an article for the one sentence they need. A well-organized knowledge base allows your conversational AI platform to find that sentence automatically. Read how Broadcom automated 55% of IT issues by optimizing its knowledge base 3. Create automated workflows for common support issues Beyond answering questions, an advanced conversational AI strategy allows companies to automate workflows and accelerate approvals. First, take the time to define how your team resolves common issues, such as provisioning software licenses and approving hardware orders. Which applications are involved? How do you enforce user permissions? And who needs to sign off? By clearly documenting the entire process, you can often reduce or eliminate the need for agent intervention, even for high-touch issues. And for requests that do require an expert to solve, conversational AI can accelerate the process by routing the request to the appropriate team. 4. Create a data-driven process for improving coverage An effective conversational AI strategy is evolving — not static. Its foundation is data, which reveals the most frequent requests and questions from employees, the most valuable knowledge articles and forms, and the most impactful use cases for additional automation. That’s why it’s crucial to have total visibility over your conversational AI platform, so you can not only understand but also anticipate what employees need. With this data in hand, you can build a positive feedback loop — where each issue submitted to the platform helps your team improve its future performance. Here’s how Verisk makes data-driven decisions Drive employee adoption with proactive communication Of course, all of this is for naught if your employees don’t use the conversational AI tool you’ve worked so hard to integrate. To drive employee engagement, make this tool the easiest possible thing to use. Have a clear employee adoption strategy, with every avenue of support integrated with your conversational AI system. A great conversational AI strategy will keep the end-user in mind. It will help you to communicate with your employees with ease, without your messages getting ignored. Most importantly, implementing a conversational AI strategy should free your agents from busywork, and enable them to focus on deeper, more meaningful work. Implementing a conversational AI strategy is the future of employee experience. Every employee, regardless of location, language, or role, deserves the same level of support — and we hope this strategy overview helps you get there. Slack improved employee experience Broadcom automated 55% of IT issues Verisk makes data-driven decisions
Moveworks Status Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . All Systems Operational Enterprise Messaging Integrations ? Health of the messaging platforms where Moveworks bots are deployed Operational Microsoft Teams ? Based on latest updates from Microsoft (https://portal.office.com/servicestatus) Operational Moveworks for Web ? Moveworks bots integrated within web portals (e.g. ServiceNow, Sharepoint) Operational Cisco Webex Teams ? Based on latest updates from Webex status page (https://status.webex.com/) Operational Google Chat ? Based on latest updates from Google apps status (https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard) Operational Slack Messaging ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Apps/Integrations/APIs ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Notifications ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Connections ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Access Skills Operational Account Access ? Managing password resets/updates, account lockouts, and MFA resets through the bot Operational Group Access ? Managing distribution list creations and additions through the bot Operational Software Access ? Provisioning access to software applications through the bot Operational Smart Forms ? Finding forms from your service catalog and submitting them through the bot Operational Enterprise Approvals ? Notifying approvers and allow them to take action on approvals from your enterprise systems Operational Answers ? Answers from knowledge base articles, FAQs, and public sources powered by Semantic Search Operational Concierge ? Creating tickets, adding comments, and getting status updates through the bot Operational Triage ? Routing support requests to the right experts using machine-learning predictions Operational Lookups ? People &amp; Places lookups Operational Message API ? Connects to enterprise tools &amp; data and sends messages to users natively through the bot Operational Business Queries ? Allows users to look up information from your business systems Operational Employee Experience Insights Operational Multilingual Support (MLS) Operational Creator Studio Operational Paths Workspace Operational Queries Workspace Operational Events Workspace Operational Control Center Operational Employee Communications ? Sending targeted communications to employees at scale Operational Performance Insights ? Dashboards to help you visualize every aspect of your AI deployment Operational Channel Resolver Operational Operational Degraded Performance Partial Outage Major Outage Maintenance Past Incidents Sep 30 , 2023 No incidents reported today. Sep 29 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 28 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 27 , 2023 Ticket processing degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Sep 27 , 17:18 UTC Monitoring - We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Sep 27 , 16:53 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Sep 27 , 16:25 UTC Sep 26 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 25 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 24 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 23 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 22 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 21 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 20 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 19 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 18 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 17 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 16 , 2023 Employee Communications degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Sep 16 , 01:41 UTC Monitoring - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Sep 15 , 21:44 UTC Update - A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Sep 15 , 20:12 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Sep 15 , 17:59 UTC ← Incident History Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
3 ways omnichannel support improves your employee experience  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection 3 ways omnichannel support improves your employee experience Varun Singh, VP of Product February 8, 2022 linkedin facebook twitter email Employees shouldn't need help asking for help. As a support professional, you already know this. Unlocking an account or updating benefits should be intuitive, not complicated. That said, every service department — HR, IT, Finance, Facilities — has a different approach to supporting employees. And every employee has different habits and preferences when it comes to getting help. This means that your whole workforce has to learn when to submit a form through an IT portal, when to directly email a colleague on the HR team, and when to ask the entire company for help on a public Slack channel. I’ve come to learn that support teams can’t afford to consider support channels as distinct from one another. Instead, you need to move towards omnichannel support . With this approach, employees can get personalized help, no matter where they go. What is omnichannel support? Omnichannel support means employees can use whichever channel they prefer to get help and receive the same seamless experience. Whether an employee sends an email or a chat message, they get the information they need in the place most convenient to them. With this strategy, employees can help themselves, and your team has the time to focus on improving the support ecosystem as a whole. With omnichannel support — no matter which channel an employee prefers — they: Get the same help Have the same simple experience Receive personalized solutions Figure 1: To ensure a positive employee experience, support teams must provide the same great experience on every channel. The same help on every channel A common challenge for support teams is that there’s often a different strategy for every channel. The IT team might focus on setting up automation in Microsoft Teams, while the HR team is trying to direct all support traffic to their web portal. As a result, employees don’t know where to go, which portal to use, who to email, or where to chat. Employees should be able to get support where they’re already working, whether in the office, at home, or in the field. That’s why I recommend support teams think backward from the end-user experience. Instead of starting with improving phone support or encouraging everyone to ask questions on Slack — let people go where they want to go, use the tools they want to use, and take full advantage of all the automation you’ve worked hard to build. A critical step in building a modern support process is ensuring consistency across every channel within your organization. With an omnichannel support mindset, you can integrate your environment in a way that’s synchronized. The same solutions can live in the messaging platforms, the enterprise web portals, and the email accounts that your employees use every day. Figure 2: Moveworks lives in the messaging platforms employees use every day, picking up and continuing conversations from other support channels, as needed . One simple interface everywhere The goal of omnichannel support is to help employees help themselves. So once you’ve ensured the same access to support across channels, step two is creating the same exact experience everywhere. Because, more often than not, every support system has an entirely different interface. No one has to learn how to use a new portal or remember the correct email address to get hardware help. Don't force employees to think too hard about support. With the right strategy and tools, employees don’t have to learn yet another system . What I've seen is that — by far — a conversational interface offers the most seamless experience. Employees use natural language to get what they need. They don’t need to learn new buttons to click; they can just type a question and get an answer. With a conversational interface that lives on every support channel, you’ll create a universal stepping-off point to get help. Employees will always know where to go and how to ask for help. Figure 3: With Moveworks for Web, users who prefer to get help on enterprise portals can easily access all the skills, features, forms, and knowledge at Moveworks’ disposal . Personalized support where you work The final step of building omnichannel support is customization. If you send an important memo about changing healthcare benefits, you want employees to see it and engage. But, when some people prefer email and others live in Microsoft Teams, there’s a high probability that your message will go unnoticed. Meeting employees where they are involves knowing who an employee is and keeping track of their preferences. By combining conversational AI with a deep understanding of identity , you can tailor support for every employee automatically and reach out to them on the channels where they expect support. This keeps information from falling through the cracks while ensuring that users aren’t overloaded with the same information across different channels. When every employee has a secure profile that knows their department, location, and preferred support channel, it’s easy to engage in a meaningful and timely way. Figure 4: Moveworks personalizes messages to cut through the noise. By precisely targeting comms based on employees’ locations and support preferences, our bot meets employees on their terms . Meet employees on their terms The mark of a truly mature support process is a great employee experience. And the foundation of a great employee experience is meeting employees on their terms. Instead of getting stuck in the mindset of providing the bare minimum across every single channel — checking boxes by setting up email, chat, and web support — you increasingly need to think about how to bring every support channel together into a single omnichannel experience. See how omnichannel support transformed Palo Alto Networks' employee experience . best practices product features employee experience More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
How Slack uses AI to crowdsource IT support directly in chat  Moveworks Home Customers Slack How Slack uses AI to crowdsource IT support directly in chat Slack redefined collaboration with its enterprise chat platform, and now it’s partnered with Moveworks to crowdsource IT support with AI. Slack is a collaboration hub that brings the right people, information, and tools together to get work done. Released in 2013, Slack boasts more than 12 million daily active users and is deployed by almost two-thirds of the Fortune 100. Download the PDF 30 % IT issues resolved autonomously Challenge Providing employees with the real-time help as quickly as other work streams on Slack Result Employees can crowdsource tech support without leaving Slack The Problem Slack’s mission was to change the way employees self-service IT support IT teams have embraced employee-facing chat channels as an alternative way to provide support, since there’s a good chance that someone in the group is experiencing the same issue, or has created a workaround, or even knows the solution. However, keeping track of these requests can cause an increase in busy work for already overextended IT teams. Service desk agents must read through each thread to determine the best course of action. Slack recognized the value of offering tech support in a group setting — that is, via Slack channel. Helping employees over chat — and in particular, over group chat — is a radical departure from the portal or email-based support that’s long been standard at other organizations. And it’s a departure that makes sense, given Slack’s mission of bringing open communication to the workplace. But the question remained: Would this approach deliver faster, more efficient resolutions? The Solution Crowdsourcing IT support with AI that understands conversation Having explored a variety of IT support solutions, Slack rolled out Moveworks in March 2019 and never looked back. Known to the company’s employees as AskBot, Moveworks is an AI-powered chatbot that lives on the internal Slack environment. Importantly, Moveworks Channel Resolver resides in a public chat channel. The bot leverages advanced natural language understanding (NLU) to determine the right resolution to an employee’s request. And when users unpredictably switch to a new topic , Moveworks’ conversational AI enables AskBot to shift gears, rather than sticking to a pre-scripted dialog. Slack is already where employees spend most of their time, whether they’re sharing updates, accessing resources, or just talking to each other. IT support shouldn’t be any different — that’s where Moveworks comes in. Stephen Franchetti VP of Business Technology, Slack The Result Slack automates IT support to achieve its vision of friction-free business Thanks to AskBot, for the first time, employees can get instant resolution directly in the IT support channel — from software provisioning to account unlocks to installation instructions to the guest WiFi password. And for IT teams, Channel Resolver means that Ask-IT channels no longer require an army of agents to maintain. When employees ask questions in Slack’s group IT channel, the bot reads each message to ensure nothing gets lost in the shuffle. And if AskBot spots an issue it can resolve, it DMs the employee to help — then updates the channel for all to see. Often considered the “holy grail” of the IT space, the power to supercharge the group IT channel with AI has finally arrived. The verdict is clear: It’s time to supercharge your Slack workspace with AI. ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Moveworks AI fixed #Ask-IT with Channel Resolver Resolve IT issues posted on Slack channels to eliminate service desk busy work. Read the blog Work from anywhere with Moveworks Watch this video to see how Slack and Moveworks can power remote work. Watch now How AI solves a support issue Learn more about the 5 components of the Moveworks Intelligence Engine™. Read the blog Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Free up your help desk with AI  Moveworks Home Solutions IT Tech support in seconds Solve employees’ IT issues instantly and automatically — with conversational AI. Precedente Successivo Pausa Riproduci Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work Free up your help desk while delivering support at scale — Automatically Help — right when your employees need it. Employees expect help the moment they need it, wherever and whenever they ask. Moveworks responds to issues instantly, right on the chat platform your employees are already using. Let your IT team focus on important projects. Help your IT team make a bigger impact on the organization. Our AI chatbot handles routine requests and proactively solves potential issues, like reminding users to reset their passwords. Get the most value from your resources. Bring together all your forms, knowledge articles, and FAQs to one place. The Moveworks platform integrates with your systems to automatically deliver the right resources to your employees every time. 7sec Average time for Moveworks to solve a support issue at Nutanix 75K (And counting) of IT issues resolved autonomously at Broadcom 98 Employee satisfaction with the Moveworks bot at Procore Never make your employees wait for support To do their best work possible, your employees deserve support the moment they ask for it. With Moveworks, IT support issues, like account unlocks or software provisioning, won’t slow your team down. Our AI platform gives new hires access to the software they need on day one, while instantly responding to your team’s IT issues. IT support that works as fast as you do Your IT team should spend their time on high-impact projects that matter, like unlocking accounts and troubleshooting devices. Our AI chatbot enables self-service by automatically intercepting IT issues and resolving them right on your company’s chat platform. Every solution is relevant and secure because Moveworks understands each user’s role, location, and permissions. Bring together all your resources in one place Your team spends a huge amount of time creating resources for employees to help themselves, from knowledge articles to forms to FAQs. Here’s the problem: Employees don’t know where to find them. Moveworks ensures that employees actually use your resources, giving them exactly the answers and forms they need directly on chat. Palo Alto Networks saved its hybrid workforce 351,000 hours with conversational AI Palo Alto Networks needed a new approach to supporting productivity from anywhere. With a workforce of almost 15,000 people, its help desk had to deliver support on a much larger scale — without dramatically increasing its headcount. Learn from the best Challenge Providing immediate, around-the-clock support for any issue to a hybrid workforce Result Instantly resolves employee support issues with AI no matter where employees work, saving everyone time and resources "I have three priorities when it comes to supporting our workforce: enable the IT team to focus on high-value tasks, put intelligence in their hands to make better decisions, and deliver the best support experience to employees. Moveworks is unique in that it helps us achieve all three." Milind Wagle CIO, Equinix Latest from Moveworks Datasheet Discover 8 game-changing things only Moveworks can do. Download the datasheet Blog Transform your business immediately with these 13 use cases. Read the blog Web More than 100 deep learning models power the Moveworks platform. Look under the hood Automate IT support with Moveworks Request a demo Support every team with conversational AI Explore our product
Request a demo  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection ONE CONVERSATIONAL INTERFACE, ENDLESS POSSIBILITIES First Name Last Name Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you! Someone from our team will be in touch with you shortly. Enterprise-wide automation Moveworks empowers you to build any conversational AI use case on the Moveworks platform in minutes, enabling organization-wide impact. Connect systems with language Instant IT support Moveworks automatically resolves employees’ tech issues, like resetting passwords, provisioning software, managing approvals, and more. Deliver instant IT support Personalized HR help Moveworks provides instant HR help, like answering benefits questions, announcing new policies, facilitating onboarding, and more. Automate your HR help Easy change management Moveworks lets leaders send the right message to the right people at the right time — making change happen overnight. Manage change effortlessly Unparalleled service measurement Moveworks analyzes support tickets and reveals hidden insights, so you can optimize processes and prioritize initiatives for your highest impact employees. Turn tickets into action We automate the busywork. Our customers change the world. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Queries Workspace: Access Data From Any System  Moveworks Creator Studio Queries Workspace Instantly access the information you need to stay productive through a generative AI-powered chat interface. Learn more Previous Next Pause Play Cost Reduction Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere A single place to go for every question By connecting all of your business data through REST APIs, Moveworks enables your users to search for and find structured data from any external business systems through their bot. Adapt to changing business systems Our platform generates intents and query patterns based on the underlying schema of your records, ensuring that your users always have access to the latest business-critical data. AI-powered multilingual support With Moveworks, all of your queries are immediately available in 100+ languages. That means you can build in English and your records will be searchable and presentable in any language. Understand every query, every time Using langage pattern generation, generalization, and robustness powered by GPT-3.5, Moveworks understands every utterance, no matter how your users ask. The possibilities are endless Retrieve account data Analyze campaign results Find interview schedules Make it easy for your users to find customer information. Retrieve customer account data directly from chat, so your team has all the information they need to create a winning sales strategy. Understand the performance of your campaigns. Let your employees quickly check the performance of their campaigns, like click-through rate, impressions, and post engagement. Set your interviewers and candidates up for success. Allow employees to view their upcoming interview schedules and look up details such as the role, date, time, and location. “Creator Studio directly integrates with data sources like Snowflake, demonstrating a new way of approaching conversational AI development that is more accurate, has fewer points of failure, and lower latency.” Rory Regan Director of Infrastructure, Coca-Cola Consolidated Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system Download the full guide Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system Blog Learn how to generate any use case in seconds with Creator Studio. Read the blog Datasheet Creator Studio connects people to enterprise systems through natural language. Download the datasheet Guide Build unlimited use cases by connecting Moveworks to your enterprise systems. Download the guide Transform your data search today. Request a demo
Google Terms of Service – Privacy & Terms – Google Privacy & Terms Privacy & Terms Overview Privacy Policy Terms of Service Technologies FAQ Google Account Terms Introduction Your relationship with Google Using Google services Content in Google services Software in Google services In case of problems or disagreements About these terms Updates Definitions List of services & service-specific additional terms How Google handles government requests for user information Google Terms of Service Effective January 5, 2022  Archived versions  Download PDF Country version: India What’s covered in these terms We know it’s tempting to skip these Terms of Service, but it’s important to establish what you can expect from us as you use Google services , and what we expect from you. These Terms of Service reflect the way Google’s business works , the laws that apply to our company, and certain things we’ve always believed to be true . As a result, these Terms of Service help define Google’s relationship with you as you interact with our services. For example, these terms include the following topic headings: What you can expect from us , which describes how we provide and develop our services What we expect from you , which establishes certain rules for using our services Content in Google services , which describes the intellectual property rights to the content you find in our services — whether that content belongs to you, Google, or others In case of problems or disagreements , which describes other legal rights you have, and what to expect in case someone violates these terms Understanding these terms is important because, by using our services, you’re agreeing to these terms. Besides these terms, we also publish a Privacy Policy . Although it’s not part of these terms, we encourage you to read it to better understand how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information . Terms Service provider Google services are provided by, and you’re contracting with: Google LLC organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and operating under the laws of the USA 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 USA Age requirements If you’re under the age required to manage your own Google Account , you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please have your parent or legal guardian read these terms with you. If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the services , then these terms apply to you and you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services. Some Google services have additional age requirements as described in their service-specific additional terms and policies . Contents Introduction Your relationship with Google Using Google services Content in Google services Software in Google services In case of problems or disagreements About these terms Your relationship with Google These terms help define the relationship between you and Google. Broadly speaking, we give you permission to use our services if you agree to follow these terms, which reflect how Google’s business works and how we earn money . When we speak of “Google,” “we,” “us,” and “our,” we mean Google LLC and its affiliates , excluding any local entities based in India. What you can expect from us Provide a broad range of useful services We provide a broad range of services that are subject to these terms, including: apps and sites (like Search and Maps) platforms (like Google Shopping) integrated services (like Maps embedded in other companies’ apps or sites) devices (like Google Nest) Many of these services also include content that you can stream or interact with. Our services are designed to work together, making it easier for you to move from one activity to the next. For example, if your Calendar event includes an address, you can click on that address and Maps can show you how to get there. Develop, improve, and update Google services We’re constantly developing new technologies and features to improve our services. For example, we use artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide you with simultaneous translations, and to better detect and block spam and malware. As part of this continual improvement, we sometimes add or remove features and functionalities, increase or decrease limits to our services, and start offering new services or stop offering old ones. When a service requires or includes downloadable software, that software sometimes updates automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some services let you adjust your automatic update settings. If we make material changes that negatively impact your use of our services or if we stop offering a service, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice, except in urgent situations such as preventing abuse, responding to legal requirements, or addressing security and operability issues. We’ll also provide you with an opportunity to export your content from your Google Account using Google Takeout, subject to applicable law and policies. What we expect from you Follow these terms and service-specific additional terms The permission we give you to use our services continues as long as you comply with: these terms service-specific additional terms , which could, for example, include things like additional age requirements We also make various policies, help centers, and other resources available to you to answer common questions and to set expectations about using our services. These resources include our Privacy Policy , Copyright Help Center , Safety Center , and other pages accessible from our policies site . Although we give you permission to use our services, we retain any intellectual property rights we have in the services. Respect others We want to maintain a respectful environment for everyone, which means you must follow these basic rules of conduct: comply with applicable laws, including export control, sanctions, money laundering, and human trafficking laws respect the rights of others, including privacy and intellectual property rights don’t abuse or harm others or yourself (or threaten or encourage such abuse or harm) including against children — for example, by misleading, defrauding, illegally impersonating, defaming, bullying, harassing, or stalking others; hosting or publishing any obscene content; or inciting the violation of applicable laws don’t abuse, harm, interfere with, or disrupt the services — for example, by accessing or using them in fraudulent or deceptive ways, introducing malware, or spamming, hacking, or bypassing our systems or protective measures. When we index the web to bring you search results, we respect standard usage restrictions that website owners specify in their websites’ code, so we require the same when others use our services Our service-specific additional terms and policies provide additional details about appropriate conduct that everyone using those services must follow. If you find that others aren’t following these rules, many of our services allow you to report abuse . If we act on a report of abuse, we also provide the process described in the Taking action in case of problems section. Permission to use your content Some of our services are designed to let you upload, submit, store, send, receive, or share your content . You have no obligation to provide any content to our services and you’re free to choose the content that you want to provide. If you choose to upload or share content, please make sure you have the necessary rights to do so and that the content is lawful. License Your content remains yours, which means that you retain any intellectual property rights that you have in your content. For example, you have intellectual property rights in the creative content you make, such as reviews you write. Or you may have the right to share someone else’s creative content if they’ve given you their permission. We need your permission if your intellectual property rights restrict our use of your content. You provide Google with that permission through this license. What’s covered This license covers your content if that content is protected by intellectual property rights. What’s not covered This license doesn’t affect your privacy rights — it’s only about your intellectual property rights This license doesn’t cover these types of content: publicly-available factual information that you provide, such as corrections to the address of a local business. That information doesn’t require a license because it’s considered common knowledge that everyone’s free to use. feedback that you offer, such as suggestions to improve our services. Feedback is covered in the Service-related communications section below. Scope This license is: worldwide, which means it’s valid anywhere in the world non-exclusive, which means you can license your content to others royalty-free, which means there are no monetary fees for this license Rights This license allows Google to: host, reproduce, distribute, communicate, and use your content — for example, to save your content on our systems and make it accessible from anywhere you go publish, publicly perform, or publicly display your content, if you’ve made it visible to others modify and create derivative works based on your content, such as reformatting or translating it sublicense these rights to: other users to allow the services to work as designed, such as enabling you to share photos with people you choose our contractors who’ve signed agreements with us that are consistent with these terms, only for the limited purposes described in the Purpose section below Purpose This license is for the limited purpose of: operating and improving the services , which means allowing the services to work as designed and creating new features and functionalities. This  includes using automated systems and algorithms to analyze your content: for spam and malware to recognize patterns in data, such as determining when to suggest a new album in Google Photos to keep related photos together to customize our services for you, such as providing recommendations and personalized search results, content, and ads (which you can change or turn off in Ads Settings ) This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored. using content you’ve shared publicly to promote the services . For example, to promote a Google app, we might quote a review you wrote. Or to promote Google Play, we might show a screenshot of the app you offer in the Play Store. developing new technologies and services for Google consistent with these terms Duration This license lasts for as long as your content is protected by intellectual property rights. If you remove from our services any content that’s covered by this license, then our systems will stop making that content publicly available in a reasonable amount of time. There are two exceptions: If you already shared your content with others before removing it. For example, if you shared a photo with a friend who then made a copy of it, or shared it again, then that photo may continue to appear in your friend’s Google Account even after you remove it from your Google Account. If you make your content available through other companies’ services, it’s possible that search engines, including Google Search, will continue to find and display your content as part of their search results. Using Google services Your Google Account If you meet these age requirements you can create a Google Account for your convenience. Some services require that you have a Google Account in order to work — for example, to use Gmail, you need a Google Account so that you have a place to send and receive your email. You’re responsible for what you do with your Google Account, including taking reasonable steps to keep your Google Account secure, and we encourage you to regularly use the Security Checkup . Using Google services on behalf of an organization or business Many organizations , such as businesses, non-profits, and schools, take advantage of our services . To use our services on behalf of an organization: an authorized representative of that organization must agree to these terms your organization’s administrator may assign a Google Account to you. That administrator might require you to follow additional rules and may be able to access or disable your Google Account. Service-related communications To provide you with our services, we sometimes send you service announcements and other information. To learn more about how we communicate with you, see Google’s Privacy Policy . If you choose to give us feedback, such as suggestions to improve our services, we may act on your feedback without obligation to you. Content in Google services Your content Some of our services give you the opportunity to make your content publicly available — for example, you might post a product or restaurant review that you wrote, or you might upload a blog post that you created. See the Permission to use your content section for more about your rights in your content , and how your content is used in our services See the Removing your content section to learn why and how we might remove user-generated content from our services If you think someone is infringing your intellectual property rights , you can send us notice of the infringement and we’ll take appropriate action. For example, we suspend or close the Google Accounts of repeat copyright infringers as described in our Copyright Help Center . Google content Some of our services include content that belongs to Google — for example, many of the visual illustrations you see in Google Maps. You may use Google’s content as allowed by these terms and any service-specific additional terms , but we retain any intellectual property rights that we have in our content. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any of our branding, logos, or legal notices. If you want to use our branding or logos, please see the Google Brand Permissions page. Other content Finally, some of our services give you access to content that belongs to other people or organizations — for example, a store owner’s description of their own business, or a newspaper article displayed in Google News. You may not use this content without that person or organization’s permission, or as otherwise allowed by law. The views expressed in other people or organizations’ content are theirs, and don’t necessarily reflect Google’s views. Software in Google services Some of our services include downloadable software. We give you permission to use that software as part of the services. The license we give you is: worldwide, which means it’s valid anywhere in the world non-exclusive, which means that we can license the software to others royalty-free, which means there are no monetary fees for this license personal, which means it doesn’t extend to anyone else non-assignable, which means you’re not allowed to assign the license to anyone else Some of our services include software that’s offered under open source license terms that we make available to you. Sometimes there are provisions in the open source license that explicitly override parts of these terms, so please be sure to read those licenses. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our services or software. In case of problems or disagreements Both the law and these terms give you the right to (1) a certain quality of service, and (2) ways to fix problems if things go wrong. Warranty We provide our services using reasonable skill and care. If we don’t meet the quality level described in this warranty , you agree to tell us and we’ll work with you to try to resolve the issue. Disclaimers The only commitments we make about our services (including the content in the services, the specific functions of our services, or their reliability, availability, or ability to meet your needs) are provided in (1) the Warranty section; (2) the service-specific additional terms ; and (3) laws that can’t be limited by these terms. Liabilities For all users Both the law and these terms try to strike a balance as to what you or Google can claim from the other in case of problems. That’s why the law allows us to limit certain liabilities — but not others — under these terms. These terms only limit our responsibilities as allowed by applicable law. These terms don’t limit liability for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, or death or personal injury caused by negligence or willful misconduct. Other than the liabilities described above, Google is liable only for its breaches of these terms or applicable service-specific additional terms , subject to applicable law. For business users and organizations only If you’re a business user or organization : To the extent allowed by applicable law, you’ll indemnify Google and its directors, officers, employees, and contractors for any third-party legal proceedings (including actions by government authorities) arising out of or relating to your unlawful use of the services or violation of these terms or service-specific additional terms . This indemnity covers any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, judgments, fines, litigation costs, and legal fees. If you’re legally exempt from certain responsibilities, including indemnification , then those responsibilities don’t apply to you under these terms. For example, the United Nations enjoys certain immunities from legal obligations and these terms don’t override those immunities. Google won’t be responsible for the following liabilities : loss of profits, revenues, business opportunities, goodwill, or anticipated savings indirect or consequential loss Google’s total liability arising out of or relating to these terms is limited to the greater of (1) US$500 or (2) 125% of the fees that you paid to use the relevant services in the 12 months before the breach Taking action in case of problems Before taking action as described below, we’ll provide you with advance notice when reasonably possible, describe the reason for our action, and give you an opportunity to fix the problem, unless we reasonably believe that doing so would: cause harm or liability to a user, third party, or Google violate the law or a legal enforcement authority’s order compromise an investigation compromise the operation, integrity, or security of our services Removing your content If we reasonably believe that any of your content (1) breaches these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies , (2) violates applicable law, or (3) could harm our users, third parties, or Google, then we reserve the right to take down some or all of that content in accordance with applicable law. Examples include child pornography, content that facilitates human trafficking or harassment, terrorist content, and content that infringes someone else’s intellectual property rights . Suspending or terminating your access to Google services Google reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the services or delete your Google Account if any of these things happen: you materially or repeatedly breach these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies we’re required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or a court order we reasonably believe that your conduct causes harm or liability to a user, third party, or Google — for example, by hacking, phishing, harassing, spamming, misleading others, or scraping content that doesn’t belong to you For more information about why we disable accounts and what happens when we do, see this Help Center page . If you believe your Google Account has been suspended or terminated in error, you can appeal . Of course, you’re always free to stop using our services at any time. If you do stop using a service, we’d appreciate knowing why so that we can continue improving our services. Settling disputes, governing law, and courts For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page . California law will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to these terms, service-specific additional terms , or any related services , regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes will be resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. To the extent that applicable local law prevents certain disputes from being resolved in a California court, then you can file those disputes in your local courts. Likewise, if applicable local law prevents your local court from applying California law to resolve these disputes, then these disputes will be governed by the applicable local laws of your country, state, or other place of residence. About these terms By law, you have certain rights that can’t be limited by a contract like these terms of service. These terms are in no way intended to restrict those rights. These terms describe the relationship between you and Google. They don’t create any legal rights for other people or organizations , even if others benefit from that relationship under these terms. We want to make these terms easy to understand, so we’ve used examples from our services . But not all services mentioned may be available in your country. If these terms conflict with the service-specific additional terms , the additional terms will govern for that service. If it turns out that a particular term is not valid or enforceable, this will not affect any other terms. If you don’t follow these terms or the service-specific additional terms , and we don’t take action right away, that doesn’t mean we’re giving up any rights that we may have, such as taking action in the future. We may update these terms and service-specific additional terms (1) to reflect changes in our services or how we do business — for example, when we add new services, features, technologies, pricing, or benefits (or remove old ones), (2) for legal, regulatory, or security reasons, or (3) to prevent abuse or harm. If we materially change these terms or service-specific additional terms , we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice and the opportunity to review the changes, except (1) when we launch a new service or feature, or (2) in urgent situations, such as preventing ongoing abuse or responding to legal requirements. If you don’t agree to the new terms, you should remove your content and stop using the services. You can also end your relationship with us at any time by closing your Google Account. Definitions affiliate An entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, which means Google LLC and its subsidiaries, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Limited, and Google Dialer Inc. business user An individual or entity who is not a consumer (see consumer). consumer An individual who uses Google services for personal, non-commercial purposes outside of their trade, business, craft, or profession. (See business user) copyright A legal right that allows the creator of an original work (such as a blog post, photo, or video) to decide if and how that original work may be used by others, subject to certain limitations and exceptions (such as “fair use” and “fair dealing”). country version If you have a Google Account, we associate your account with a country (or territory) so that we can determine: the Google affiliate that provides the services to you and that processes your information as you use the services the version of the terms that govern our relationship When you’re signed out, your country version is determined by the location where you’re using Google services. If you have an account, you can sign in and view these terms to see the country associated with it. disclaimer A statement that limits someone’s legal responsibilities. indemnify or indemnity An individual or organization’s contractual obligation to compensate the losses suffered by another individual or organization from legal proceedings such as lawsuits. intellectual property rights (IP rights) Rights over the creations of a person’s mind, such as inventions (patent rights); literary and artistic works (copyright); designs (design rights); and symbols, names, and images used in commerce (trademarks). IP rights may belong to you, another individual, or an organization. liability Losses from any type of legal claim, whether the claim is based on a contract, tort (including negligence), or other reason, and whether or not those losses could have been reasonably anticipated or foreseen. organization A legal entity (such as a corporation, non-profit, or school) and not an individual person. services The Google services that are subject to these terms are the products and services listed at https://policies.google.com/terms/service-specific , including: apps and sites (like Search and Maps) platforms (like Google Shopping) integrated services (like Maps embedded in other companies’ apps or sites) devices and other goods (like Google Nest) Many of these services also include content that you can stream or interact with. trademark Symbols, names, and images used in commerce that are capable of distinguishing the goods or services of one individual or organization from those of another. warranty An assurance that a product or service will perform to a certain standard. your content Things that you create, upload, submit, store, send, receive, or share using our services, such as: Docs, Sheets, and Slides you create blog posts you upload through Blogger reviews you submit through Maps videos you store in Drive emails you send and receive through Gmail pictures you share with friends through Photos travel itineraries that you share with Google Change language: Afrikaans Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti English English (United Kingdom) Español Español (Latinoamérica) Euskara Filipino Français Français (Canada) Galego Hrvatski Isizulu Íslenska Italiano Kiswahili Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Srpski Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ελληνικά Български Русский Српски Українська ‫עברית‬ ‫اردو‬ ‫العربية‬ ‫فارسی‬ አማርኛ मराठी हिन्दी বাংলা ગુજરાતી தமிழ் తెలుగు ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം ไทย 한국어 中文 (香港) 中文（简体中文） 中文（繁體中文） 日本語 Google About Google Privacy Terms Transparency Center Google apps Main menu
Moveworks Developers Documentation Developer Academy Support Login Nothing Found Documentation Developer Academy Support Login Creator Studio Build any conversational AI experience for the enterprise with generative AI. Access Creator Studio Developer Journey Read Security Docs Paths Teach Moveworks to enforce your business processes Queries Search structured data tables in business systems Events Send proactive notifications to keep processes moving Idea Library Get inspired from the community's brainstorm Journey Learn the process to build with Creator Studio Design Patterns Learn to scope use cases in Creator Studio Analytics Understand the impact & usage of your use cases Purple Chat Builder Create chat mock-ups to socialize your ideas Help Get support from Moveworks experts
Deliver HR help. Automatically.  Moveworks Home Solutions HR Deliver HR help. Automatically. Moveworks handles the busy work so you can focus on what matters: your people. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work Support your team around the clock with HR automation Provide HR support at scale — automatically. Help your HR team empower a global workforce. On day one, Moveworks automatically solves hundreds of HR issues around the clock — without any added work from your team. Your employees get personalized help. Give employees exactly what they need, the moment they ask for it. Using advanced machine learning, Moveworks delivers a custom support experience — tailored to their unique location, role, and department. Your existing resources deliver more value. Start putting your forms, knowledge articles, and FAQ pages to work. Moveworks deeply integrates with HR systems, such as Jira and Workday, to provide employees with the best possible resource. 351K Hours of employee productivity saved at Palo Alto Networks by Moveworks 89 Employee adoption of Moveworks AI at DocuSign 98 Satisfaction from Procore employees using the Moveworks bot Answer HR questions instantly Whether your team member has a question about the holiday schedule or their benefits, understanding your company’s policies should be simple. Help your team quickly get the information they need — just by asking. And, if they have a sensitive question for HR, Moveworks will route them to the right person. Make complex HR issues effortless When complex HR issues come up, getting help should be seamless for your team members. From employment verification to requesting PTO — Moveworks for HR automates these multi-step processes from start to finish, all in a single conversational interface. Create an unforgettable onboarding experience There are so many moving parts to any onboarding period — from training reminders to benefit enrollment to setting up a direct deposit. Make sure your new hires never miss a step in the process, while giving your HR team the time to make them feel right at home. “It’s really the small moments that create your company culture. With Moveworks, we’ve made those millions of small moments effortless — by giving our employees what they need, when they need it. The result is that my team can focus on the big projects that move our business forward.” Elizabeth Wheeler Director of Benefits & HR Connect, Palo Alto Networks Latest from Moveworks Blog Here are 15 ways HR teams can use AI to make an immediate impact today. Get tips Datasheet Learn how you can support your HR team with AI right now. Download the datasheet Case Study Palo Alto Networks used conversational AI to support its hybrid workforce at scale. Find out how Automate HR support with Moveworks Request a demo Support every team with conversational AI Find out how
Moveworks: The Enterprise Copilot Platform The enterprise copilot platform Automate work with generative AI trained on the world's most advanced large language models. See how Previous Next Pause Play Cost Reduction Trusted by the best Blog Discover how Creator Studio connects people to enterprise systems through natural language. Read the blog Study In the Total Economic Impact™ study, Forrester finds that Moveworks customers see a 256% three year ROI. Find out how Guide By connecting Moveworks to your enterprise systems, you can build use cases for every department. Download the guide Register Now! Join us for Moveworks.global: Connecting AI innovators worldwide November 2, 2023 Find out more AI Copilot What is an enterprise copilot? An enterprise copilot is a fluid conversational interface that connects your employees with every business system. It’s built on hundreds of machine learning models, fine-tuned to your enterprise data. Available across every channel and fluent in 100+ languages, your enterprise copilot makes it easier than ever for your employees to get things done. Learn more Moveworks for IT Automate 75% of your IT issues Transform your IT department with out-of-the-box capabilities, pre-trained on an ever-growing proprietary dataset of enterprise language. See our IT solutions Moveworks for HR Get your HR team out of their inbox Answer 100K+ common HR questions at the flip of a switch. Deployed by Moveworks in weeks, not months. New model refreshes daily. Unlock HR support at scale Creator Studio Generate any conversational AI use case Empower your developers and service owners to build enterprise-wide conversational AI use cases limited only by their imagination. Connect systems with language Enterprise Answers Create one centralized knowledge base Combine federated knowledge from 30+ systems and 100+ public sources into one place for employees to search across, powered by semantic search techniques like GPT-3. Deliver enterprise search Employee Communications Send messages that drive action Craft targeted, interactive communications to keep everyone on the same page directly in chat, so nothing gets lost in their email. Make change happen in real time Employee Experience Insights Prioritize high-impact automation projects Uncover insights into your service desk performance by automatically analyzing the unstructured language in your ticket data. Turn requests into action Broadcom is resolving 57%+ of IT issues while seeing a 40% reduction in incidents with Moveworks Find out how All Customer Stories What you need to know about conversational AI ChatGPT’s captured our imagination. Moveworks’ VP of Machine Learning shares his thoughts. Read the blog Learn how enterprise IT leaders can get the most out of generative AI and large language models (LLMs). Download the guide Here are the most important AI terms to know in 2023 and what they mean. Check it out Automate support with Moveworks. Learn how Moveworks eliminates 75% of your help desk’s workload using large language models (LLMs) and generative AI, like GPT-3. Join our live product tour ㅤ ㅤ ⠀
Moveworks Contact Us Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Already a Moveworks customer? Contact your support team . Connect with us Mountain View CA  HQ 1277 Terra Bella Avenue Mountain View, CA 94043 San Francisco CA 221 Main Street Suite 780 San Francisco, CA 94105 Austin TX 515 Congress Ave Suite 1212 Austin, TX 78701 New York City NY 135 Madison Ave Suite 115, 12th Floor New York, NY 10016 Toronto ON Canada 129 Spadina Ave Suite 401 Toronto, ON M5V 2L3 Bangalore India WeWork Cherry Hills, Embassy GolfLinks Business Park 4th floor, Suite 104 Challaghatta, Bengaluru Bengaluru, KA 560071 First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone Interest in Moveworks  Select... Job Inquiry Partner Inquiry Sales Inquiry General Inquiry Media/PR Inquiry Comments By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates Moveworks needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, check out our Privacy Policy . Got it! A member of the Moveworks team will contact you soon! Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Forrester Webinar: Total Economic Impact™ (TEI)  Moveworks On-Demand Webinar Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Webinar: Driving 256% ROI with Moveworks Duration: 36 Minutes Shifting from a traditional service desk to a modern Conversational AI model on Moveworks is a game-changing investment. But what’s the true impact? We commissioned Forrester Consulting to conduct a Total Economic Impact™ (TEI) study to determine the ROI our customers have seen since implementing Moveworks for IT and HR support. Watch our exclusive webinar and unlock the results of the study: Learn how AI-driven solutions create an exceptional employee experience, elevating satisfaction and engagement. Witness average savings of $11.5 million over three years as Moveworks’ Conversational AI slashes support interaction costs. Reclaim a stunning 90,000 productivity hours by automating tasks with Moveworks’ Conversational AI platform. Don’t miss out on this opportunity to transform your business. Watch the on-demand webinar now. Watch the on-demand webinar now! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Guest Speakers: Will McKeon-White Analyst, Forrester Richard Cavallero Sr. Consultant, Forrester Total Economic Impact Moderated by: Brandon Cohan Head of Business Value Consulting, Moveworks Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Return to the Office with Employee Support Automation  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Returning to the office? Here's why you need Employee Support Automation It takes real-time support to make your office feel like home. The moment that will define your employee experience When employees return to the office, they flood support teams with thousands of requests for help, from replacing an old monitor to finding a new conference room. It’s like onboarding all over again — except for the entire workforce, at the same time. How you return to the office will set your workplace’s tone for years to come. The future of your company rides on the support team’s ability to handle all these requests quickly. Employees can’t wait days for help. When they need support, they need it now. Return to the office with AI So what does it take to make a seamless transition? The challenge looks different for every department. IT has to stay on top of hardware requests, HR needs to ensure that employees are up to speed on every new policy, and Facilities must help employees navigate their building. That’s why leading companies are using automation and AI to resolve support issues instantly — at scale. We broke down the top use cases for automation: Keep employees informed Keep employees informed Target your comms Anticipate and answer questions Anticipate and answer questions Deliver instant answers Collect employee feedback Collect employee feedback Serve smart forms A whole new workplace A smooth transition is just half the story. The ultimate goal is to ensure all employees feel connected to each other and your company, whether they’re in the office, hybrid, remote, or distributed around the world. That takes a durable, digital workplace, where they can access the people and resources they need instantly. Our CEO Bhavin Shah shares his unique insights on building a truly connected digital HQ . Ready to experience Moveworks? Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Redirecting... Click here if you're not redirected automatically...
Triage Employee Support Issues with AI  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Let AI triage your support tickets. Moveworks routes complicated support requests to the right expert or group — with 96% accuracy. Custom machine learning built for your team. Using a bespoke machine learning model created for every single customer, our platform learns to distinguish between thousands of assignment groups. Now, issues start getting solved the moment they’re submitted. 5 hrs 30 sec Let your employees skip the queue. On average, L1 service desks take 5 hours to read and then route employees’ support issues. But Moveworks automatically sends each issue to the correct assignment group within 30 seconds. Our platform makes your queue disappear. Employees spend less time waiting for help — and more time on what matters. 96 % Accurate triaging with AI More accurate than an agent. Service desk agents have to remember hundreds or even thousands of assignment groups, which means that misrouted tickets are inevitable. This is a problem made for machine learning. Our custom classification models are 96% accurate at routine tickets, and they never stop improving. Unlock seven-figure savings. Every issue that Moveworks routes is work saved for the service desk. For large companies, that frees up millions of dollars to reallocate toward high impact projects. See moveworks in action Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
One platform for all your employees’ needs  Moveworks Solve every conversational AI use case Automate tasks and find information across every enterprise application through a single, natural language interface. Watch the demo Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 95 Of Medallia’s employees get help with Moveworks 75K (And counting) of IT issues resolved autonomously at Broadcom 98 Employee satisfaction with the Moveworks bot at Procore Watch Moveworks make issues disappear AI Copilot The enterprise copilot platform Your enterprise copilot integrates with every business system, which means it can support any use case across any department. Whether your employees need help resetting a password, requesting PTO, or submitting an expense — they can do it all in chat. Out-of-the-box applications and developer tools Moveworks provides a suite of products that improve the capabilities of enterprise copilots, consisting of hundreds of out-of-the-box use cases, configurability of those use cases, and developer tools to create completely new use cases. Moveworks for IT Power your copilot with a set of out-of-the-box capabilities to turbocharge IT support for your employees — like software provisioning, account unlocks, knowledge search, accelerating approvals, and more. Learn more Moveworks for HR Deploy your copilot with a set of out-of-the-box capabilities to make HR support effortless for your employees — from PTO balance lookups and knowledge search to manager lookups and accelerated approvals. Learn more Enterprise Search Enable your copilot with out-of-the-box capabilities to search for any piece of information or file spread across your business. Your copilot comes with 20+ prebuilt knowledge connectors and 100+ public website connectors. Rich analytics help see where your knowledge gaps are. Learn More Employee Experience Insights Uncover hidden insights from the unstructured data inside your support tickets. Using this information, you'll be able to prioritize automation initiatives and investment opportunities to deliver the best experience for every employee. Learn more Creator Studio Empower your developers and service owners to build enterprise-wide conversational AI use cases limited only by their imagination. Create custom and controlled conversation paths, enable the ability to lookup structured data from systems of record, and send targeted notifications based on system events. Learn more Employee Communications Drive change with actionable, targeted messages. Whether it’s a company-wide announcement or a system outage, reach your employees in the channel they spend the most time in — chat. Powerful post-campaign analytics let you understand and improve the performance of each message you send. Learn more LLM stack Get instant access to best-in-class large language models, trained on 6 years of data, millions of annotated conversations, and adapted to your company-specific data. Natural language analytics Understand your conversation health. Know where you’re getting the highest ROI, which employees are asking for what, where the gaps are, and how to improve. Platform services Meet the core components powering our enterprise copilot platform, including pre-built connectors, real-time ingestion, adherence to permissions, and certifications for the biggest security standards. “We’ve seen how fast the Moveworks platform evolves firsthand. I don’t have to teach the Moveworks bot anything, I don’t have to do any scripting, and I don’t need a team of people to create dialogue flows. It’s true plug-and-play machine learning.” Stanley Toh Head of End-User Services & Experience, Broadcom Learn More Datasheet Moveworks constantly improves over time — you don’t have to do a thing. Learn how Blog Transform your business immediately with these 13 use cases. Read the blog Integrations Bring together your entire digital workplace with our deep integrations. See integrations See Moveworks in action Request a demo
The Enterprise Copilot For Every Employee  Moveworks AI Copilot Deploy an enterprise copilot to every employee Allow employees to automate tasks or search for information across every enterprise application through a single, natural language interface. Trusted by the best: over 100 Fortune 500 companies choose Moveworks Unify every enterprise system An enterprise copilot connects your employees to every business system at the speed of language. It’s built on hundreds of machine learning models , fine-tuned to your enterprise data. Available across every channel and fluent in 100+ languages, your enterprise copilot makes it easier than ever for your employees to get things done. Omnichannel support Available wherever your employees work Your enterprise copilot meets your employees where they are, no matter where they choose to work. Whether they prefer Slack, Teams, email, or a web portal, they’ll be met with the same, fluid conversational interface. Multilingual Support Speak the language of work Powered by Moveworks’ enterprise copilot platform, your copilot is fluent in over 100 languages on day one. Your copilot can switch between languages and determine the ideal response on the fly. That way, you can ensure every employee gets the same level of support, no matter what language they speak. AI copilot for enterprise solutions Support any use case in any system Your enterprise copilot integrates with every business system, meaning it can support any use case across any department. Whether your employee needs help resetting a password, requesting PTO, or submitting an expense — they can do it all in chat. Customize your copilot Design an enterprise copilot that is completely unique to your company. Meet just a few of the copilots powered by our enterprise copilot platform. Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system Blog Discover how Creator Studio connects people to enterprise systems through natural language. Read the blog Guide By connecting Moveworks to your enterprise systems, you can build use cases for every department. Download the guide Case Study Luminis Health reduced IT call volume by 25% in only 2 weeks, helping save on IT service costs. Read the case study See how the enterprise copilot is redefining the way we work Request a demo
Fix facilities issues with AI  Moveworks Home Solutions Facilities Solve facilities issues with AI Moveworks gives your employees everything from access badges to conference room directions, so your facilities feel like home. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work Welcome to the future of workplace services Deliver personalized facilities support, 24/7. Your employees expect instant support when they have a question about the office. Make onsite work feel like magic with instant, targeted answers to every question — from requesting a badge to finding a conference room. Let your team focus on meaningful projects. Help your Workplace Services Team focus strategic projects that keep your office running smoothly. Our AI chatbot handles all your employees’ routine requests and policy questions. Move together when things change. Keep everyone on the same page. Our bot helps you reach the right people, by giving them the resources they need to take action on your message — whether that’s filling out a form or reading the latest office policy. 95 Of Medallia’s employees get help with Moveworks 145K Employee interactions with Moveworks bot at Palo Alto Networks 75K Issues resolved autonomously at Broadcom A single hub for all your facilities requests Employees shouldn’t have to spend their time figuring out how to get help. Moveworks gives them one place to go for every issue. Whether your employees need to request new equipment or an office badge, they can do it all from the chat platform they already use. Request a badge Book conference rooms Submit maintenance requests Never feel lost in an office again Moveworks makes it easy for employees to acclimate to any office. They can instantly find the conference room for their next meeting or figure out where their coworker sits — just by asking their AI chatbot. Conference room directions Employee look up Office policy questions Instant, actionable, office updates Moveworks makes sure your employees always know what’s going on, from office access guidelines to building maintenance. Moveworks lets you send targeted messages directly on the chat platform. And, if your team has any follow-up questions, our bot handles the back-and-forth. Office policy updates Office closures Security notifications "Moveworks brings together all our resources and technologies into one interface, so employees don’t have to go digging around. It lets different departments work in their own unique systems, while giving employees a one-stop shop for everything." Elizabeth Wheeler Director of Benefits & HR Connect, Palo Alto Networks Latest from Moveworks Case Study 89% of DocuSign employees use a chatbot to get help at work. Here’s why Datasheet Find out 8 game-changing things that only Moveworks can do. Download the datasheet Blog Deliver a seamless support experience on every channel employees go to for help. Find out how Answer facilities questions automatically Request a demo Support every team with conversational AI Explore our product
Palo Alto Networks Saved Productivity With AI  Moveworks Home Customers Palo Alto Networks Palo Alto Networks saved its hybrid workforce 351,000 hours with AI Palo Alto Networks used conversational AI to support its hybrid workforce at scale — without dramatically increasing its headcount. Palo Alto Networks is the world leader in cybersecurity. The company has recently experienced record growth, doubling its market capitalization to reach $50 billion in just a year. Download the PDF 351 K Hours of employee productivity saved by Moveworks Challenge Providing immediate, 24/7 support to a hybrid workforce Result Instantly resolves employee support issues with AI no matter where employees work, saving everyone time and resources The Problem Palo Alto Networks’ employees couldn’t get help anytime and anywhere Rapid growth allowed Palo Alto Networks to hire employees around the world. But now with a workforce of almost 15,000 people, its help desk had to deliver support on a much larger scale — without dramatically increasing headcount. At the same time, Palo Alto Networks launched a program called FLEXWORK with the goal of providing personalized support to each employee — based on their location, role, and unique working habits. Making FLEXWORK possible during such a period of high growth meant finding a more efficient way to address IT issues, HR requests, and policy questions, instead of doing everything by hand. And with an increasing number of hybrid employees, what Palo Alto Networks really needed was a new approach to supporting productivity from anywhere. The Solution Moveworks instantly resolves employees’ support issues — with AI In April 2020, Palo Alto Networks deployed its Moveworks bot, better known to the team as Sheldon. Powered by the Moveworks Intelligence Engine™ , Sheldon helps employees through natural conversations, whether they need access to software, got locked out of their account, or have a question about the new FLEXWORK policy. The bot understands each request and then determines the most relevant solutions at the company, all in a matter of seconds. Simplicity is the key to enabling self-service, which is why Palo Alto Networks leverages Sheldon to deliver a simple, conversational support experience across all channels . Today, the bot intercepts employees’ issues wherever they’re submitted: via direct message, in the Slack channel for IT help , through email, and even inside its ServiceNow portal. No matter where they go, Sheldon empowers people to address their own issues. The one-stop shop approach is why almost every Palo Alto Networks employee has used Sheldon to get support, adding up to thousands of issues automated per month and even more time savings. In terms of the experience for employees, there’s nothing even close to Moveworks. It’s the best, period. Steve Januario VP of Digital Employee Experience The Result Palo Alto Networks saved hundreds of thousands of hours of productivity with AI Ultimately, Moveworks makes its mark by empowering people to spend their time on meaningful work, not busy work. That’s a difficult challenge in a hybrid workplace, one that requires reimagining the support process to enable flexibility and personalization. Yet Palo Alto Networks has achieved its vision for FLEXWORK by backing up the right policies with the right technologies. And for the help desk, it’s freed up agents to concentrate on high-impact initiatives. The company’s “handholding” approach couldn’t scale to support a much larger workforce, and the goal for all departments became to help more employees with less resources. After saving 351,000 hours of productivity with Moveworks, and counting, it’s safe to say Palo Alto Networks succeeded. ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Moveworks Palo Alto Networks rebuilt its workplace with AI Palo Alto Networks has now saved its employees hours of productivity, thanks to this data-driven approach. Read the article Conversational AI makes flexible work seamless At Palo Alto Networks, conversational AI allows employees to stay productive from anywhere. Watch the video Support a hybrid work model with these 4 best practices All industry-leading companies have incorporated these 4 hybrid work best practices into their ecosystem. Learn more Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Live Product Tour of Moveworks  Moveworks Webinar Get a live product tour of Moveworks See how employees can use one conversational interface to surface information and take action across every enterprise system. Wednesday, October 11  9:00–9:30 am PT System and application fatigue is a leading cause of wasted productivity and poor employee experience. It bogs down support teams, and hinders enterprise transformation. If you’re ready to deliver instant support for your employees across any system or application — from a single language interface — this live product tour is built for you. We’ll show you: How to deliver employee support instantly with Moveworks’ out-of-the-box copilot functionality How to identify gaps in service delivery through LLM-powered analytics, and prioritize your next automation project How your employees can self-serve answers instantly from enterprise content and data, without compromising on permissions and access rights How you can create your own copilot use cases to drive business transformation Save your spot today! Save your spot today! Success! We have received your request, and a representative from Moveworks will reach out shortly to get you started with Employee Experience Insights. By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Couldn't join us live? Watch on-demand
Resources  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Resources FILTER by topic: All topics Technology Using Moveworks Employee Support Hybrid Work by type: All types Webinar eBook Guide Video White Paper Datasheet Generative AI at Work: crafting your enterprise copilot strategy Webinar Customer Spotlight: Consumers Energy's AI Journey for Modernizing Service Desk Webinar The Enterprise Copilot Handbook eBook The Quantitative Guide to Measuring Employee Experience eBook Customer Spotlight: Boosting Productivity & Employee Satisfaction: Broadcom’s AI & Automation Success Webinar The Buyer's Guide to Conversational AI eBook See a live product tour of Moveworks Webinar Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Webinar: Driving 256% ROI with Moveworks Webinar How ChatGPT is Ushering in a New Era of Conversational AI with Microsoft Webinar Demystifying LLMs and GPT for Enterprise Leaders with Forrester Webinar The Total Economic Impact™ of Moveworks Guide 3 Big shifts IT teams are making for 2023 eBook AI Explained: A Video AI Glossary Video Conversational AI trustworthiness White Paper Creator Studio: The conversational AI platform that lets you generate any use case Datasheet Introducing Employee Experience Insights Guide Read our in-depth breakdown of Employee Experience Insights Datasheet Find the biggest opportunities to speed up your support process Video Uncover the hidden software issues slowing down your team Video Learn how to monitor and improve your onboarding experience Video Become a power user of Employee Experience Insights Video Build or buy? Choose the chatbot strategy that's right for you. Webinar Discover 8 game-changing things only Moveworks can do. Datasheet Instantly solve issues on Microsoft Teams — with advanced AI. Datasheet See how Moveworks supports your team on Microsoft Teams. Video See how Moveworks supports your team directly on Slack. Video 7 criteria you can follow to choose the best virtual agent. Guide 5 ways to create resources your employees will actually use. Guide Work from anywhere with Moveworks on Microsoft Teams. Video Moveworks on Slack lets your team work from anywhere. Video 100+ metrics to give total visibility over your Moveworks bot. Datasheet Drive faster resolution with Moveworks Customer Success. Datasheet Provide IT support with an AI chatbot. Here's how. Guide AppDynamics uses AI to unlock the full power of Okta. Webinar How Broadcom used AI to build a better knowledge base. Webinar How conversational AI is redefining support for employees. Video The Moveworks platform instantly supports the entire enterprise. Datasheet TC Energy's CIO is driving digital transformation with AI. Video Deliver 24/7 support with Moveworks and Microsoft Teams. Webinar We're debunking 5 common myths about AI-powered ITSMs. Webinar Vituity speeds up healthcare with AI-powered support. Video Stitch Fix sets the gold standard for employee comms — with AI. Video CommScope uses AI to deliver HR help at machine speed. Video 3 companies mastered remote work. Learn their secrets. eBook Moveworks improves over time — you don’t have to do a thing. Datasheet Deliver a tailored message that inspires action to each employee. Datasheet CommScope speeds up employee support with Moveworks. Video Palo Alto Networks makes flexible work a reality with AI. Video Peek under the hood at the Moveworks Intelligence Engine™. Video Moveworks uses AI to solve every issue across every department. Video Moveworks raises Series C funding at a valuation of $2.1B. Video 6 ways to master hybrid work with conversational AI. Video Instantly resolve employees’ issues in their preferred language. Datasheet Albemarle supports its global team in every language. Video Solve your employees' requests on any channel, at any time. Datasheet Moveworks is the only AI platform built to support multilingual teams. Video Learn about Moveworks' commitment to responsible AI. Datasheet A conversational AI strategy is crucial. Kick yours off. Guide Get real time visibility and control over your Moveworks platform. Datasheet AI handles the busy work so your HR team can support your people. Datasheet Data says you only need one thing to reduce wait times. Guide See how your IT team stacks up against these help desk metrics. Guide Help your IT team bolster hybrid work with these 4 strategies. Guide Wellstar chose Moveworks to support its healthcare workers. Video "It works like IT should": AI supports Wellstar's team. Video The most effective way to organize your knowledge base. Guide Deliver seamless employee support with automation. Guide 3 features that actually make knowledge base articles effective. Guide Instantly resolve employees’ issues in their preferred language. Datasheet Bhavin Shah on HMG Spotlight: 2023 will be the year of conversational AI Video Demystifying LLMs and GPT for enterprise leaders with Forrester Video Employee Experience Insights: Buy or Build? Datasheet Albemarle’s help desk uses Employee Experience Insights to 2x productivity Datasheet How ChatGPT is ushering in a new era of conversational AI with Microsoft Video Moveworks organizes unstructured data with Employee Experience Insights Video Uncover and solve issues with Employee Experience Insights Video ICE and Moveworks Fireside Chat: Employee Experience Insights Webinar IT leaders Guide to Enterprise-grade Conversational AI eBook The Enterprise Architect’s Guide to Conversational AI eBook Luminis Health reduced IT call volume by 25% with Moveworks on Microsoft Teams Video Sorry, but there are no resources with those filters. Reset topic Reset type Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
5-Minute IT Approval Process? loanDepot Says Yes.  Moveworks Home Customers loanDepot Are 5-minute IT approvals the future? loanDepot says yes. To build the workplace of the future, loanDepot knew they needed to provide unwavering, fast service. That's why they turned to conversational AI to speed up IT. Founded in 2010, loanDepot is one of the largest mortgage lenders in the US. Focused on creating a straightforward experience, the company has helped more than a quarter of a million Americans achieve their dreams of homeownership. Download the PDF <5 mins For IT requests to be approved Challenge Responding to technical support tickets took days, blocking employee productivity Result The IT team uses AI to manage approvals in a matter of minutes. The Problem At loanDepot the IT approvals process took days At loanDepot, there were mounting issues facing the service desk. Responses to technical support tickets were backed up by hours, if not days, and negatively impacted employees’ abilities to do their jobs. That’s why Donald Small, Director of IT Service Management at loanDepot, had his own mission: creating the workplace of the future. As a company that prides itself on building genuine people connections, Small recognized that 30 L1 service agents manually solving problems wasn’t fast enough. Employees need their systems to work all the time, so that they can focus on the critical task of serving customers. The Solution loanDepot launched a chatbot to speed up IT approvals In February 2022, loanDepot launched its Moveworks chatbot: Elle-Dee. The chatbot uses Moveworks’ conversational AI platform to solve issues and prevent problems at work. It automatically resolves employees’ requests, communicates changes, and shows the loanDepot team what to fix next. Before Elle-Dee, a typical support ticket might take three to five days until resolution. Now, employees get solutions in just minutes. In its first month alone, Elle-Dee answered over 1,000 questions from employees, while also unlocking accounts, provisioning software, and managing approvals. IT has time to work on big digital transformation projects, and employees don't have to wait for support. At loanDepot, we’re laser-focused on the future. The only way forward is to build an amazing employee experience, where all our people get the support they need to build the best future for themselves and the company. Moveworks’ AI is critical to our strategy. Donald Small Director of IT Service Management The Result Now loanDepot’s approvals process takes less than 5 minutes Elle-Dee has made a huge impact when it comes to its approval process. After an employee submits a request form , the bot can automatically route approvals to the right hands, directly on Microsoft Teams. Managers can easily accept or deny access using natural language , ensuring that employees get what they need — whether it’s access to software or getting added to a distribution list. In an old-school IT model, approvals can take days. But now, employees who use Elle-Dee can get what they need in as little as five minutes. Recognizing that loanDepot’s employees are the company’s greatest assets, Small has plans to look for ways Elle-Dee can do even more. Whatever the next step is, Small, his team, and Elle-Dee are more than up for the challenge of creating an amazing employee experience. ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Moveworks 13 things you can actually do with conversational AI There are infinity use cases for conversational AI. Here are just 13 of many ways you can use it. Read the blog Bring your service catalog to life with Moveworks Forms are critical to self-service IT. See how Moveworks makes forms smarter. Learn more How 3 companies use forms to improve productivity Optimize help desk forms to upgrade support processes and improve productivity. Read on Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
How Moveworks finds answers across the enterprise with 1 bot Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Every question, one bot: How Moveworks finds answers across the enterprise Yi Liu, Head of Search Desmond Chan, Tech Lead March 31, 2021 linkedin facebook twitter email Employees around the world suffer from the same problem: it takes forever to get answers at work. This problem is made even more frustrating given that outside of work, getting answers is as easy as Google. Why do we go to Google? First of all, it understands our questions , even when they aren’t perfectly polished or particularly well framed. It also answers every question . Google’s not limited to science, literature, or business strategy. And finally, it’s smart enough to surface the most relevant results . Billions of people use Google daily because it really is one place for everything. So why doesn’t getting an answer at work feel the same way? Well — internal support systems don’t understand us, resources are siloed, and responses aren’t personalized. Figure 1: Bringing consumer search capabilities to the business world is a game-changer. We last talked about this problem of enterprise search in 2019. Since then, we've developed layer upon layer of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) models to take in any question, understand it, and offer a precise, actionable answer. Working with customers like DocuSign , Slack , and Broadcom , we’ve come to realize that the challenge of getting help at work extends far beyond IT. Seeing firsthand the responsibilities of other support teams — HR, Finance, Facilities — we’ve spent years building a comprehensive employee experience platform powered by AI. Figure 2: Moveworks is the go-to expert for every employee question. The blog explores the technology behind building an effortless employee support experience: Understanding every employee question Transforming complex resources into digestible snippets Matching questions to specific answers Understanding every employee issue Let’s start at the beginning: understanding what people need. A consumer search engine like Google works so well because its engineers have spent years building rich algorithms to learn how people communicate. Few companies have the resources to make something this powerful themselves. So, support teams resort to conventional approaches, like manually keyword tagging knowledge base articles or other brittle techniques that lack the intelligence needed to automatically answer the thousands of questions employees ask. At Moveworks, we realized that to jump this first hurdle we would need to break down the language people use to ask for help at work. Employees explain symptoms: My computer is running hot. I can’t find the certification training. When can I find my tax withholdings? These are standard, everyday issues that flood service desks. It’s easy, but time-consuming, for a support agent to answer these questions, and the ambiguity of the language makes it difficult for a computer to step in. Moveworks Language Core™ Understanding this type of enterprise language is at the core of what we do at Moveworks. We’ve built Language Core™ — an AI-powered system that treats every question as complex words and phrases with context and intent, not just as clusters of keywords. Our system is designed to figure out what people need, no matter how their question is spelled or worded. One of the primary challenges in understanding language is that every company has its own internal jargon, from conference rooms to WiFi names to job titles. We take in all these names, attaching them to a frame of reference. Using Collective Learning techniques that we’ve pioneered — we can see what employee requests have in common to understand more specific enterprise language. Figure 3: Collective Learning illuminates patterns across different lines of business, companies, and industries. Now we've made the move to answering the full diversity of questions that employees have at work. To support all these different support teams, we've built what we call domain classification models to help our bot understand the difference between issues in IT, Finance, HR, and Facilities. These models deeply break down employee language, taking in signals and context to decide how to best resolve issues. What’s particularly remarkable is that our bot can correctly categorize questions with 95% accuracy. Once our bot understands the issue, what the employee needs, and the applicable domain — it has to be able to find the right answer. And this also requires a sophisticated approach. Precisely answering questions across the enterprise For each employee service department — IT, HR, Finance, Legal, Facilities — answers live deep inside different resources and systems. And usually, within these knowledge bases, the answer appears only once, a paragraph, a sentence, or even a phrase. The last time we wrote about enterprise search , we said that finding the best answer is like “trying to find the only needle in a haystack.” But now that we cover all these different departments — there are dozens of haystacks, but still only one needle. When a subject-matter expert writes an article, they are trying to document everything. But this kind of detail can be difficult for employees to find, read, and understand. Knowledge articles can be thirty pages of potential WiFi issues, including everything from VPN complications to troubleshooting routers. And when it comes to HR — healthcare benefits articles can be hundreds of pages of text, featuring information from a dozen different countries. The key is figuring a way to get the right information in the right hands. And we’ve done this with Enterprise Cache™ — a system that indexes available resources, so every question is answered with a single, precise snippet of information. Moveworks Enterprise Cache™ Enterprise Cache™ solves two problems. First, the problem of hard-to-find information. And second, the problem of information accessibility. To tackle this first problem — our solution ingests all the resources your employee service departments have painstakingly created, deconstructing them into chat-optimized pieces of information. Instead of a complete article, an employee gets a personalized snippet. Instead of a form, an employee only needs to fill out relevant fields. And instead of a full floor plan, they receive exact directions on where they need to go. Figure 4: Moveworks personalizes the support experience by giving employees exactly the resource they need, whether that is a single sentence from a knowledge article or a conversationalized form. The second problem is making it easy for people to use this now deconstructed information. That's where document typing comes in. We use machine learning models to classify all these pieces as factoids, how-tos, troubleshooting steps, and hardware or software forms by adding in metadata. By sorting information in this way, employees get only relevant information that's been simplified and distilled to bulleted instructions. As for support teams — they can keep using their tools and updating resources on their schedule. The bot will continue to crawl available systems for possible answers, automatically incorporating new or updated content. Matching questions with answers Sifting through dozens of disconnected back-end systems to craft a personalized answer is a massive, manual effort for employee service teams. The same question doesn’t always have the same answer. Factors like an employee’s location, department, seniority, and security permissions all determine what she needs to know. With Semantic Match™ , we connect all of these dots automatically to get employees exactly the right resources. Moveworks Semantic Match™ Unlike other enterprise search systems, our solution intelligently surfaces information by considering context . With this 360-degree view of your organization, our relevance and location models retrieve the most accurate answer. Semantic Match™ takes every piece of this disparate data into account, from the words and phrases employees use to the resources available to the person asking. For example, if an employee asks for an update on health care benefits — the bot can offer information based on the user’s location. So employees get a quick and straightforward answer in seconds that is personalized to their specific circumstances. Figure 5: Keeping track of an employee’s location, department, and other information, a chatbot can surface information relevant to a specific employee. All enterprise answers in one place Google's accomplished an incredible feat with consumer search. It’s more than a household name — it’s a verb. At Moveworks, we want to do the same for getting answers at work. That’s why we’ve built layers of technology to connect employees with the resources they need and to allow talented professionals to do high-value work, not answering the same question, day after day. With Language Core™, we deeply understand the language employees use to describe their issues. With Enterprise Cache™, we transform support resources to direct every question to the right resource. And with Semantic Match™, we deliver personalized answers, connecting symptoms to solutions. So — HR experts can focus on perfecting the employee lifecycle. IT teams can focus on large-scale digital transformation efforts. And employees get what they need to work on the projects that matter. Interested in learning more? To learn more about why NLU matters for IT, and how it helps deliver enterprise help more quickly and more easily, see our posts: The Practical Guide to NLP and NLU Tailor-made tech support: Why employees need personalized IT help Strength in numbers: Understanding unique IT issues with Collective Learning product features More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Our Customers  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Customer Stories Moveworks helps the world’s most innovative companies deliver the best employee experience — while still cutting costs. 12 FTE Help desk agents’ workload automated by Moveworks Find out how 7 SEC Avg. time Moveworks takes to solve employees’ issues Find out how 91 % Employees who are highly satisfied with Moveworks Find out how We automate the busywork. Our customers change the world. Moveworks helps companies of all sizes and industries around the world leverage AI to solve issues and prevent problems at work. Meet Wond-E, the Moveworks-powered chatbot transforming IT support at the Wonderful Company. Read case study Customer Stories Palo Alto Networks saved its hybrid workforce 351,000 hours of productivity by solving their issues in seconds. Read case study "The best business decision" this Verisk IT executive has ever made? Conversational AI. Read case study "I don’t want to hire people to reset passwords all day”: The story of why Procore brought AI to IT Read case study Vituity speeds up care for patients — by supporting its physicians with AI. Read case study 89% of DocuSign's employees recieve secure IT help in seconds with conversational AI. Read case study Equinix lets a chatbot route support tickets. Find out how AI-powered triage makes IT queues disappear. Read case study How Slack uses AI to crowdsource IT support directly on … Slack / in chat Read case study Over 90% of Unity loves their IT team. Learn how conversational AI delivers exceptional support at scale. Read case study In less than 7 weeks, conversational AI was solving over half of all Nutanix's IT issues. Read case study Broadcom has over 4K knowledge articles. Learn how the company uses AI to help employees help themselves. Read case study How a chatbot became the face of IT at AppDynamics in just 8 weeks. Read case study 95% of Medallia uses a chatbot to get IT help. See why its employees depend on conversational AI. Read case study Achieve created an award-winning workplace by personalizing support with AI. Learn from the best... Read case study How Consumers Energy saved tens of thousands of dollars by sending a message -- with AI. Read case study Learn how conversational AI helped Wellstar put its people first — with a chatbot that worked out of the box. Read case study Learn how employees get what they need in just minutes with AI-powered approvals. Read case study Learn how Albemarle uses natural language understanding to drive change. Read case study Moveworks sped up Hearst’s support process — without compromising its user experience. Read case study Learn how Luminis Health reduced IT call volume by 25% in 2 only weeks. Read case study Mercari uses AI to resolve 74% of tickets and enabling the company to scale operations. Read case study Meet Wond-E, the Moveworks-powered chatbot transforming IT support. Read case study Learn how TC Energy transformed legacy IT in less than 2 months with Moveworks. Read case study Moveworks gives Pinterest a ridiculously fast help desk. See how! Read case study Moveworks for HR offers CommScope one place to get instant help at work. Read case study Robert Half used AI to get a 6X increase in Microsoft Teams’ adoption. Read case study Stitch Fix shares the hybrid communications strategy that keeps every stylist on the same page Read case study How does Intercontinental Exchange turns IT tickets into an actionable to-do list with AI? Read case study Learn how Jamf uses Moveworks' AI copilot to provide instant support to employees. Read case study See Moveworks in action Request a demo Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Events Workspace: Send Messages From Any System  Moveworks Creator Studio Events Workspace Send actionable messages to your employees straight from your business systems. Learn more Previous Next Pause Play Cost Reduction Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere Never miss a single beat Moveworks makes it simple for you to keep up with events in every enterprise system. Every time a contract is ready to send out or your laptop is due for an upgrade, our API messages your employees directly in chat. Meet employees where they are Your employees each have a unique way they work. Some are on Slack while others use email. Events workspace simplifies multi-channel messaging, letting you reach users on their preferred platform. Integrate with any system in seconds You don’t need a team of experts to set up integrations in Events workspace. Our API is simple yet powerful, able to support thousands of messages every minute across every system, from Salesforce to Workday. Create smarter automations with Dynamic Flow Automations need to adapt to your ever-changing environment, but rule-based systems just can’t keep up. Moveworks’ Dynamic Flow gets the right users the right answer every time. The possibilities are endless Benefits enrollment Track budgets Legal team reminders Never miss benefits enrollment. Send proactive notifications to your employees during open enrollment making sure they review their benefit selections. Keep your team’s budget on track. Give your employees real-time updates on their department’s budget to help them make informed purchasing decisions. Stay on top of every contract you need to review. Whenever a document is ready for your Legal team to review, they will automatically receive a reminder in chat. “Creator Studio directly integrates with data sources like Snowflake, demonstrating a new way of approaching conversational AI development that is more accurate, has fewer points of failure, and lower latency.” Rory Regan Director of Infrastructure, Coca-Cola Consolidated Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system Download the full guide Connect Moveworks to any enterprise system Blog Learn how to generate any use case in seconds with Creator Studio. Read the blog Datasheet Creator Studio connects people to enterprise systems through natural language. Download the datasheet Guide Build unlimited use cases by connecting Moveworks to your enterprise systems. Download the guide Start sending AI-powered messages today. Request a demo
Moveworks Blog  Conversational AI, Machine Learning, NLU Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Insights How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. Read blog post How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public ... Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public ... Read blog post Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the ... 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. ... Read blog post How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use ... Read blog post How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. Read blog post How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Read blog post Understanding the risks of deploying LLMs in your enterprise How to manage the risks of deploying Generative and Discriminative LLM in your enterprise during pre-training, training, fine-tuning, and usage. Read blog post Why Moveworks was named one of the top private cloud companies in the world Moveworks is honored to be recognized on the 2023 Forbes Cloud 100 list which spotlights companies that pair strong values with top performance. Read blog post Grounding AI: How to improve AI decision-making with contextual awareness Grounding AI links abstract knowledge to real-world examples, enhancing context-awareness, accuracy, and enabling models to excel in complex situations. Read blog post What is data annotation? And how can it help build better AI? Data annotation trains AI systems to tackle complex business challenges. Annotation prepares AI to adapt to unique enterprise use cases. Read blog post Moveworks expands global reach with new EU and Canadian data centers Moveworks' data center expansion in Europe & Canada means European & Canadian customers have control and flexibility over their data privacy and data residency. Read blog post The AI transformation roadmap: How to drive productivity with conversational AI Here’s your AI transformation roadmap. Learn more about what AI transformation is, what’s needed to make it happen, and the role AI copilots play. Read blog post What is an AI copilot? AI copilots can streamline tasks & boost productivity in businesses. Transform your operations & enhance communication with these intelligent assistants. Read blog post You need an AI copilot strategy Every enterprise needs an AI copilot strategy. Here is a 4-tier framework to successfully implement these powerful tools for efficiency and performance. Read blog post Total Economic Impact™ study finds Moveworks delivered a 256% ROI Moveworks' Total Economic Impact™ Study by Forrester finds organizations can achieve 256% ROI with average savings of $11.5 Million over 3 years with Moveworks. Read blog post All in on AI: 4 key learnings from Microsoft Build 2023 Microsoft held its annual developer conference, Build 2023. Moveworks shares 4 takeaways on the latest innovations in AI, user experience, and plugins. Read blog post The Moveworks Enterprise LLM Benchmark: Evaluating large language models for business applications The Moveworks Enterprise LLM Benchmark evaluates LLM performance in the enterprise environment to better guide business leaders when selecting an AI solution. Read blog post The smarter way to measure the employee experience? AI. Learn how to measure the employee experience with AI analytics, natural language understanding and real-time performance insights with EXI. Read blog post The all-encompassing guide to conversational AI Conversational AI uses natural language understanding and machine learning to communicate. Learn more about benefits, examples, and use cases. Read blog post Moveworks Live recap: 8 key takeaways you may have missed Read the Moveworks Live event recap for key takeaways, product innovations, and announcements from all Moveworks Live speakers. Read blog post Moveworks-Carahsoft partnership brings conversational AI to the public sector The new Moveworks-Carahsoft strategic partnership brings conversational AI to the public sector. Read blog post The most impactful AI applications in 2023 Check out the most impactful Artificial Intelligence applications, from self-driving cars to IT support, and see why you should use AI in your business. Read blog post Creator Studio: A no-code platform for enterprise conversational AI Introducing Creator Studio, a generative, no-code platform connecting employees to all systems across the enterprise with a unified, natural language interface. Read blog post The 50 AI companies shaping the enterprises of tomorrow Discover the 50 best private AI companies shaping the enterprises of tomorrow, from chatbots to predictive analytics, to elevate your operations. Read blog post Conversational AI examples: How companies use conversational AI today What are examples of companies using conversational AI? Learn how 5 leading companies boost efficiency, customer satisfaction, and employee experience. Read blog post Generative AI: What it is and why it matters What is Generative AI, how does it work, and how can you use it? Let's dive in and discover the fascinating world of Generative AI. Read blog post Chatbots vs. Conversational AI for the enterprise, explained What's the difference between a chatbot, conversational ai, and a conversational ai chatbot? Let's get into the differences and how it applies to the enterprise. Read blog post GPT-4: Everything you need to know and why it's better than GPT-3 GPT-4 is the first large multimodal model released by OpenAI that can accept both images and text inputs. Learn its applications and why it’s better than GPT-3. Read blog post Conversational AI platforms: 5 questions to ask during your next demo When evaluating conversational AI platforms it's important to ask 5 key questions to understand the true capabilities and avoid costly investments Read blog post Chatbot security: Conversational AI trustworthiness in the age of ChatGPT Discover the fundamentals of trustworthy enterprise-grade conversational AI and how to prioritize chatbot security and privacy. Read blog post The future is now: ChatGPT is ushering in a new era of conversational AI for the enterprise The future of chatbots and LLMs for modernizing the employee experience is here. Learn how conversational AI is transforming businesses. Read blog post Demystifying LLMs and GPT for Enterprise Leaders with Forrester Unleash conversational AI in your enterprise. Learn how to navigate the opportunities and risks of implementing generative and conversational AI. Read blog post Large language models: The basics and their applications Large language models (LLMs) are advanced AI algorithms trained on massive amounts of text data for content generation, summarization, translation & much more. Read blog post Supervised vs. unsupervised learning: What's the difference? Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, what's the difference? The key difference is labeled data. What are the benefits? Let's use ChatGPT as an example. Read blog post How to reduce wasted spend in IT [+10 things AI can do about it] Reduce IT costs while also focusing on improving the end-user experience. Here are 10 reasons why AI needs to be part of your IT cost reduction strategy. Read blog post Generative AI: How to spot the real conversational AI companies and get past the hype Understanding the difference between generative ai businesses is crucial when making investments in tech. Here's how to tell which are real and which are hype. Read blog post ChatGPT — Does it deserve its 15 minutes of fame? Yes, and why generative AI is the future. ChatGPT is only the start of the future of generative AI. Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah shares his take on ChatGPT and how the Human-AI partnership will progress. Read blog post Bhavin Shah on HMG Spotlight: 2023 will be the year of conversational AI Bhavin Shah shares his perspective on how ChatGPT will accelerate innovation and spur efficiencies across the modern enterprise in 2023. Read blog post How to avoid AI investment pitfalls: The most important KPIs to consider Know the value of AI in your organization. Read on to understand the 8 key performance indicators (KPIs) to pay attention to before you invest in AI. Read blog post ChatGPT is shaking up the status quo: The strengths and weaknesses of large language models ChatGPT is a groundbreaking technology that’s captured our imagination, but it is not without limitations. Moveworks' VP of Machine Learning shares his thoughts. Read blog post You, too, can scale support to over 100 languages: Breaking down the challenge of multilingual IT AI can now scale multilingual support to 100+ languages. Learn how Moveworks solved the many technical challenges needed to provide multilingual support. Read blog post Moveworks named a leader in The Forrester Wave™: Chatbots For IT Operations In its latest report on Chatbots for IT Operations, Forrester named Moveworks a leader among top vendors, giving Moveworks the highest possible score in 19 criteria, including chatbot readiness. Read blog post What it takes to succeed as a new CIO: A candid conversation between industry leaders Being a new CIO is daunting. Yousuf Khan, 5X CIO turned VC, and Bhavin Shah, CEO of Moveworks, have a conversation about what it takes to succeed in the complex C-level role. Read blog post Employee Experience Insights: Everything you need to know Moveworks' Employee Experience Insights (EXI) uses AI to tap into information hidden in support tickets and reveals your workforce’s everyday experience. Read blog post Focus on practical AI: 3 Key learnings from Forrester’s Technology & Innovation Forum Fresh from Forrester’s Technology & Innovation Forum, Moveworks shares 3 takeaways on the future of work and how enterprises should focus on practical AI. Read blog post How 3 companies use help desk forms to improve employee productivity 3 companies — DocuSign, Palo Alto Networks, and Procore — optimized help desk forms to upgrade their support processes and improve employee productivity. Read blog post Here’s how we use our own AI to better onboard new hires Moveworks uses its own conversational AI to better onboard new hires and make sure they have what they need to succeed in their role on Day One. Read blog post What the heck is the Idea Funnel anyway? Great leaders are great decision-makers. Learn how employee experience leaders, like you, can use the Idea Funnel to turn ideas into impact. Read blog post What can HR teams do with an AI chatbot? Make an immediate impact. When it comes it using AI in HR, you need a solution that makes an immediate impact. Read on to see just a few of the ways HR teams can use AI now. Read blog post New Moveworks-Nexthink partnership enables proactive IT support The Moveworks-Nexthink partnership enables proactive tech support in the digital workplace. Read blog post Introducing Moveworks for HR: The first AI solution that personalizes HR support Today, we’re incredibly excited to announce Moveworks for HR — a sophisticated artificial intelligence solution built for human resources. Read blog post Work — you’re doing it wrong. Our current way of working isn’t working. But we have the technology and knowledge to make it better, to make an employee experience that’s almost magical. Read blog post 13 things you can actually do with conversational AI There are an infinity use cases for conversational AI. Here are just 13 of many ways you can use it today. Read blog post Moveworks expands across Europe to support employees with AI As European companies race to support flexible work, Moveworks brings its AI platform to the UK, France, and Germany. Read blog post Product Launch: Prevent issues before they happen with Moveworks' first API Moveworks API empowers customers to send critical updates through our platform. Now, employees get the support they need — before running into problems. Read blog post 3 ways omnichannel support improves your employee experience With omnichannel support, employees can use whichever channel they prefer to get help and receive the same seamless experience. Read blog post Our secret to a world-class HR experience: Start small We often believe in the power of big ideas to increase employee satisfaction, but the truth is that small moments define the HR experience. Read blog post Product Launch: Announcing multilingual support and Moveworks for Web Moveworks announces two major additions: multilingual support and Moveworks for Web. These changes will deeply support the new normal for companies with global workforces. Read blog post Language is no limit: How Moveworks built a multilingual AI platform Moveworks built the first multilingual AI platform for employee support. To do so, we had to evolve all parts of our Intelligence Engine™. Here's how. Read blog post Moveworks opens a new office in Austin, Texas Are you interested in joining a ground-breaking AI company? Now you can... in Austin! Moveworks is proud to move our expansion strategy forward in Texas. Read blog post The 7 metrics to measure the success of your virtual agent Companies are using virtual agents to support their workforce. But what constitutes an impactful virtual agent? Here are the 7 metrics that matter. Read blog post Secure in the cloud: Moveworks earns Gold certification for CSA STAR Level 2 Moveworks earns Gold certification for CSA STAR Level 2, validating our security programs and demonstrating our commitment to safeguarding customer data. Read blog post Introducing the next generation of Conversational AI How Moveworks' conversational AI technology can generate a tailored response to every single employee request, across all departments. Read blog post Product Launch: Moveworks enhances AI platform to support the world’s largest companies Moveworks announces major enhancements to its conversational AI platform, designed to automate support for the world's largest companies. Read blog post How Moveworks raised $200 million in Series C funding Now valued at $2.1 billion, Moveworks is the first AI platform that provides a seamless employee experience to both remote and in-office employees. Read blog post From request to resolution: How AI solves a support issue The 5 components of the Moveworks Intelligence Engine™ work in unison to make getting help at work effortless. Read blog post 3 strategies to boost engagement with your employee comms How can companies engage thousands of employees as effectively as people do one-on-one? This article explores three strategies to fix employee comms. Read blog post Why category creators must rethink company culture What does it take to create an entirely new category of product? Ultimately, it's about empowering the right people with the right company culture. Read blog post HR Service Delivery: how automation unlocks tier 0 employee support We analyzed thousands of real-world HR requests to offer insight into how to HR teams can move closer to Tier 0 service delivery for their companies. Read blog post Introducing the Moveworks platform Solve every issue for every employee — across IT, HR, finance, and facilities. Introducing the Moveworks employee experience platform built on conversational AI. Read blog post Every question, one bot: How Moveworks finds answers across the enterprise Moveworks takes every piece of your company’s disparate data into account to match questions to precise, personalized answers. Read blog post Why people-centric HR teams depend on conversational AI Moveworks helps HR take on the endless barrage of employee requests so HR teams can focus on higher priorities. Read blog post More than a message: Inspire action with Moveworks for Employee Communications With Moveworks for Employee Comms, employee experience teams can send targeted, personalized messages at scale, preventing support issues before they happen. Read blog post We fixed forms: Bring your service catalog to life with Moveworks Forms are critical to a self-service IT strategy. See how Moveworks makes forms smarter at every step of the experience. Read blog post The Practical Guide to NLP and NLU To build a computer capable of understanding language, natural language processing (NLP) and natural language understanding (NLU) have proven critical. Read blog post Tailor-made tech support: Why employees need personalized IT help Learn what it takes to build an enterprise identity system, how unique identity maps allow for personalized support, and why service desks depend on personalization to manage complex IT environments. Read blog post Strength in numbers: Understanding unique IT issues with Collective Learning One-of-a-kind IT issues describe surprisingly similar problems. Collective Learning allows Moveworks to see the similarities under the surface. Read blog post Moveworks named a leader in Forrester New Wave: Chatbots for IT Operations In its latest report on Chatbots for IT operations, Forrester awarded Moveworks the highest possible score for our Strategy and Market Presence. Read blog post The future is conversational: Part 2 — How machines learned the secrets of language New approaches to natural language understanding (NLU) and conversational AI have streamlined interactions between people and machines. Read blog post The gold standard for security: Moveworks achieves SOC 2 Type 2 compliance Moveworks is now compliant with SOC 2 Type 2, the gold standard in information security. This compliance validates our continued commitment to protecting your data and affirms the security of our AI solution. Read blog post The future is conversational: Part 1 — Understanding the language barrier between people and machines In this post, we’ll dive deep into the history of human-computer interaction, from early chatbots to today’s AI-powered conversation engines. Read blog post How Robert Half turned Microsoft Teams into an AI-powered virtual workplace In this blog, Dan Powers, Director of IT, Robert Half, explains how they used Moveworks to turn Microsoft Teams into an AI-powered virtual workplace. Read blog post Advanced AI, available on the app store: Adding Moveworks to Microsoft Teams is now easier than ever The Moveworks chatbot app is available for customers to install directly from either Microsoft AppSource or the Microsoft Teams store. Read blog post Time is money: We built an AI-powered Concierge to speed up IT support Moveworks Concierge streamlines IT communication, allowing employees to add comments, receive updates, and request action on support issues in real time. Read blog post Moveworks and Microsoft Teams: Adding instant support to the hub for teamwork Moveworks is today announcing its integration with Microsoft to transform Teams into an autonomous IT support channel. Read blog post Bhavin Shah on SaaStr: Lessons from the front lines of a new economy Fresh off his appearance on the SaaStr podcast, Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah reflects on how IT teams are transitioning to the new work-from-home economy. Read blog post What we've learned about providing essential work-from-home support As companies respond to the COVID-19 outbreak by transitioning to WFH, Moveworks has released new capabilities to support remote employees. Read blog post Moveworks achieves ISO 27001 certification By prioritizing security from day one, Moveworks managed to earn ISO 27001 certification, demonstrating our commitment to safeguarding our customers’ data. Read blog post How AI fixed Ask-IT: Introducing Channel Resolver for Slack Moveworks Channel Resolver resolves IT support issues posted on Slack channels, saving employees time while eliminating work for the service desk. Read blog post How AI finally learned to triage IT support issues, part 2 Thanks to groundbreaking advances in natural language understanding and deep learning, AI can now instantly route 90% of IT support tickets. Read blog post How AI finally learned to triage IT support issues, part 1 It still takes five hours for the average IT ticket to be routed to the right expert. Learn how AI can help. Read blog post Time to scale: New funding lets us transform IT support with AI Moveworks raises a $75 million Series B funding round to scale its automated AI resolution of enterprise IT issues. Read blog post Anytime, anywhere: Respond to IT issues however they’re reported With AI-powered resolution, enterprise chat platforms fill a void left in the patchwork of IT communications via phone, email, portals, and walk-up kiosks. Read blog post Why enterprise search is broken, and how Moveworks fixes it Overcome enterprise search challenges with machine learning and novel natural language understanding (NLU) techniques like embedding and Seq2Seq. Read blog post Broadcom employees celebrate a year of fast IT fixes with AI Broadcom celebrates a year with the Moveworks conversational chatbot. Learn how Broadcom automatically resolves 38% of employee IT issues every week with AI. Read blog post Natural language is hard: 5 reasons your chatbot isn't working Conversational AI chatbots rely on natural language understanding (NLU) to engage people and get work done. We explore how hard it is to get this right. Read blog post Achieve powers rapid IT support with chatbot in Slack Slack chatbots can automate IT and onboarding processes seamlessly. See how the IT team at Achieve rolled out a MoveWorks powered chatbot in Slack that facilitates onboarding and lets employees ask questions when they need IT help. Read blog post Why is NLU important for resolving IT support tickets? Advances in Natural Language Understanding (NLU) and machine learning are enabling IT support issues to be resolved instantly and autonomously. Read blog post Recent Posts Subscribe Here! Posts by Tag technology (34) news (33) product features (20) best practices (18) conversational (11) employee experience (11) chatbot (8) tech (7) it-support (5) nlu (5) security (5) case-study (4) customer (4) customer stories (3) language (3) machine learning (3) onboarding (3) portal (3) COVID-19 (2) scaling (2) Google-Hangouts (1) Slack (1) WFH (1) chat adoption (1) collective learning (1) context (1) kb (1) resolution (1) search (1) ticket triage (1) See all Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Broadcom Integrates Its IT Knowledge Base With AI  Moveworks Home Customers Broadcom Broadcom’s employees get help in <60 seconds By integrating scattered knowledge bases with AI, Broadcom’s employees can help themselves. A $20 billion company with offices and facilities around the globe, Broadcom designs, develops, and manufactures a wide range of semiconductor and infrastructure software products. Download the PDF 57 % Of IT issues resolved autonomously Challenge Integrating new systems into existing IT environment Result Able to resolve more than half of all tech issues in under a minute The Problem Broadcom’s rapid growth requires robust IT integrations Broadcom is a global infrastructure technology company with a long history of innovation. Over the years, the organization has been aggressive about expansion, resulting in a number of mergers and acquisitions. Andy Nallappan, Vice President and CIO at Broadcom, has seen his company undergo incredible growth and transformation over the years; however, the acquisitions Broadcom has made over the last decade present integration challenges. Information was spread across 10 different knowledge bases, making it difficult for employees to find the right information. As employees rely on an ever-growing number of SaaS applications to keep pace with the fast-moving business, quickly answering their IT questions has never been more critical. They are expected to be increasingly self-sufficient when finding the knowledge they need — like changing their virtual background on Zoom or troubleshooting error messages on Slack. The problem is that knowledge is scattered. And even if employees manage to find the right knowledge base, outdated search systems make it difficult to find the right article. The Solution Broadcom integrates its IT environment with AI In September 2018, Broadcom launched 1.Bot, the company’s internal name for Moveworks. Employees were instantly able to use Google Chat to resolve a variety of issues like resetting passwords, unlocking accounts, creating tickets, checking ticket status, and finding answers from knowledge base articles. Now, Moveworks’ combination of advanced conversational AI and natural language understanding (NLU) enables 1.Bot to resolve employees’ IT support issues conversationally, directly in chat. When the best solution to an issue is in the knowledge base, Moveworks Semantic Search understands the employee’s symptoms to provide the exact, snippet-sized answer they need. You don’t want your users going all over the place to search for information. The advantage of our Moveworks bot is that there’s one familiar go-to place for employees to get their answers. Stanley Toh Head of End-User Services & Experience The Result 57% of Broadcom’s IT issues are solved in less than a minute With an integrated knowledge base, 57% of Broadcom’s IT issues are solved in less than a minute A few years ago, Broadcom set out a vision to integrate the help desk experience for its employees, save time, and reduce the volume of work by automating tasks with AI. In the last two years alone, its IT team has systematically improved its knowledge base using Moveworks’ AI platform. Today, 1.Bot surfaces answers for employees in less than a minute, pulling information from across all the different knowledge bases and surfacing it in a single interface, Google Chat. With real time visibility over knowledge base gaps , Broadcom's team can create new articles, or update old ones, so employees can self-service their own support. The help desk no longer feels like the "helpless" desk. Nallappan’s overall impression of Moveworks is simple and powerful: “It’s AI that really works.” ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Moveworks How to build a better knowledge base Broadcom explains how it helps employees answer troubleshooting and policy questions instantly with AI. Watch the webinar Broadcom celebrates a year of fast IT fixes Learn how Broadcom automatically resolves thousands of employee IT issues every week with AI. Read the blog Broadcom’s AI & automation success Learn how Broadcom upskills support agents to focus on more strategic projects with AI. Watch the webinar Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Automating finance with conversational AI  Moveworks Home Solutions Finance Stop solving finance issues Moveworks uses conversational AI to handle your employees’ finance issues and policy questions — while you focus on the future. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work The secret of the world's fastest finance teams? Automation with AI Help your finance team make a bigger impact. All day long, your team is fielding approval requests and policy questions, preventing them from focusing on meaningful work. Moveworks autonomously responds to routine issues, from vendor payment approvals to expense report submissions. That way, your finance team can focus on what matters most — the financial success of your company. Respond to employees' requests in seconds. No one likes to wait weeks, sometimes months, for their expense report to be approved and paid out. Employees feel frustrated with long wait times and finance teams are overrun with follow-up questions. Moveworks instantly resolves and routes employees’ requests, giving them the best — and fastest — support experience possible. Give employees the information they need. The financial future of your company depends on every employee playing their part. That means your employees need to know your organization's financial policies and how to take action next. Our AI answers your teams’ questions and clarifies your policies automatically — making it easy to keep everyone on the same page. 95 Of Medallia’s employees get help with Moveworks 145K Employee interactions with Moveworks bot at Palo Alto Networks 1K Instant answers provided to Seagen employees every month Answer every finance question in seconds Your team spends a huge amount of time creating policies, FAQs, and knowledge articles. Moveworks ingests all of these resources, becoming the expert on your organization. Our AI addresses a broad range of finance issues, including tax, commissions, reimbursements, ESPPs, invoicing, and more. And anytime you update your resources, Moveworks immediately learns the new information and surfaces it over chat. Expense policies Travel policies Compensation questions Stop making manual payments and approvals Let your team focus on crunching the numbers, creating the policies, and crafting the financial future of your company — not the same, repetitive requests. Moveworks lets you automate routine actions, from approving expenses to invoicing vendors, leaving your team more time for work that impacts the organization. Create invoices Lookup purchase orders Expense approvals Empower your employees to take action Make sure your employees always know what’s going on and what is needed from them. Whether they need to submit their monthly expense report or read the latest policy update, Moveworks proactively notifies the right employees with actionable communications. If your team has any follow-up questions, our bot handles the back-and-forth on your behalf. Expense reminders Announce policy updates “We’re delighted with Moveworks! The bot delivered all the things we wanted, and we’re looking forward to expanding the bot’s use cases. We’ve started asking if we can transform other business processes in the same way that Moveworks has transformed IT support.” Adonay Mello Senior IT Manager, End User Automation, DocuSign Latest from Moveworks Blog With omnichannel support, employees can use whichever channel they prefer to get help and receive the same seamless experience. Find out how Datasheet Moveworks is the only platform that supports employees with any issue in any language. Find out 8 game-changing things Moveworks can do. Download the datasheet Blog Moveworks takes every piece of your company's disparate data into account to match questions to precise, personalized answers. Learn how we did it Let Moveworks handle finance questions Request a demo Support every team with conversational AI Explore our product
Introducing Moveworks for HR: The first AI solution that personalizes HR support Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Introducing Moveworks for HR: The first AI solution that personalizes HR support Varun Singh, VP of Product April 27, 2022 linkedin facebook twitter email At Moveworks, our mission is to make every workplace the best workplace. For this reason, we empowered our platform to move beyond IT, starting last year. Since then, Moveworks bots worldwide have answered thousands of HR questions. Today, we’re excited to announce the next stage: Moveworks for HR , a sophisticated artificial intelligence solution built for people teams. HR’s always been complex, but we have witnessed a sea change on an industry level over the last 20-plus months. HR teams have been put on the spot, responsible for creating the best places to work during a time of extreme unpredictability. They’ve had to develop health and safety protocols; address employee burnout and well-being; manage flexible and hybrid work logistics; and recruit, hire, and onboard. The list goes on. Even with increased investments in portals, knowledge bases, and other tools of the trade, HR is struggling . And employees… well, employees responded in kind, leaving their jobs in droves, frustrated by red tape. To bring much-needed automation to overwhelmed HR teams, we’ve continued to invest in and develop our HR capabilities. As of today, the Moveworks platform helps focus HR teams on meaningful work, and employees get what they need by: Answering common HR questions instantly Accelerating support for even the most complex and delicate HR issues Increasing the ROI for existing HR systems Answer common HR questions instantly Employees have tons of questions. So many that HR teams spend more time bogged down by a queue of mundane issues than on the best part of their job — connecting with people. HR needs automation to manage the load, but even the most basic issues are nuanced, requiring solutions that differ from person to person. Consider a common question about parental leave. There are dozens of ways to ask for information: I’m having a baby; my wife is pregnant; we’re expecting; there’s a bun in the oven. An HR professional would know exactly what the employee’s talking about and what they need. But a scripted chatbot? There’s no way the HR teams accounted for every possible keyword or phrase an employee might use. Figure 1: HR support requires deep understanding and personalization. With AI, we ensure that every employee gets a custom-built response. An additional complication is that the majority of HR knowledge is localized. If a Canadian and a Spanish employee ask the same question, they’re likely to need two different answers. This presents a unique challenge for automation. A hardcoded solution will lead both people down the same rabbit hole. Maybe one will get the answer they’re looking for, maybe not. Moveworks for HR uses conversational AI to deeply understand what an employee is asking for and who they are. With this context, our bot delivers a personalized answer entirely autonomously. Employees can check remaining PTO balances, inquire about benefits, review company holiday schedules — and get information tailored to their needs, immediately. If your goal is always to let employees pick the benefits, schedule, and work arrangements that best accommodate their preferences, you need something that understands the subtleties of language — not a pre-scripted dialog flow. Employees are expecting human resources to be, well, human . The only way to automate HR is to understand that truth and create the conversational, personalized approach that people expect. Accelerate support for complex issues HR issues are rarely as simple as a question and an answer. Again, this is where the human element of human resources comes into play. Why have I been taxed so much? My job title isn’t right. I’m having trouble with a co-worker. None of these issues have a simple solution. Figure 2: With Moveworks for HR, even complex issues are accelerated. Employees can fill out forms, request approvals, or crowdsource support directly in chat. Moveworks automates many issues all by itself, but some situations will always require a person to step in and help out. Our AI routes issues to the right specialist or manager for approvals to make this handoff seamless, even if the employee has no idea who that person is or what department they’re in. Employees can fill out forms directly on their chat platform. And it’s even possible to crowdsource support with our Channel Resolver . The beauty of Moveworks is that — no matter the question — our bot can listen, understand, step in, and offer help, whether that help is completely resolving an issue or understanding the domain well enough to get an issue to the right specialist. Employees get the support they need, and HR professionals get questions they’re specially qualified to answer. It’s a win-win. Increase the ROI of existing HR systems Not all questions are related to employment, payroll, or contracts. In fact, one of the most common questions employees ask HR is: “What’s the wi-fi password?” Why? HR is often the first point of contact for employees who have questions about their work environment. Employees aren’t thinking about complex backend reporting systems or the support org structure when they have a question. They just want their questions answered. A single company might have multiple HR information systems, in addition to other systems to deal with IT, finance, and facilities issues. And while some of these questions might not be HR’s personal responsibility, HR has to be prepared to help. Instead of forcing employees to learn yet another system, Moveworks for HR offers a single place for employees to get help. Manage a life event, request an employment verification letter, find tax forms, approve expenses, and update healthcare benefits — our platform can help with all these use cases and more. Figure 3: Moveworks for HR unifies existing HR systems to provide the best up-to-date answer or action . Keeping track of all these disconnected systems is just as frustrating for HR teams. Manually updating a dialog flow every time you adjust the return to office plan is more trouble than it’s worth. HR teams just don’t have the resources. HR teams can now plug Moveworks for HR into existing systems — like ServiceNow, Jira, Workday, SharePoint, Simpplr, Guru, Confluence, and more — and it serves up the best possible answer or action. And as new information is added, it’s automatically incorporated into Moveworks’ repertoire. Update the return to office policy? Moveworks knows, and next time someone asks, we surface the new policy, not the information from last week. HR is complex — AI can make sense of it Today’s HR departments — at least the forward-thinking ones — are looking for tools to simplify their workdays and their employees’ workdays. The problem is that the complexity of HR makes it extraordinarily difficult to automate even the simplest of their responsibilities. The only way to untangle this complexity is with a genuinely smart AI. An AI that automatically incorporates new information, understands HR-specific terminology, and is empowered to act — whether that means completely resolving an issue or directing it to the right specialist. Moveworks for HR uses layer upon layer of machine learning models to engage employees individually, letting them dictate the flow of the conversation. Our AI analyzes every request, weighing every possible response in real time — considering location, language preference, security permissions, and more — to decide and surface the best possible response for each employee. In short, employees ask for what they want, and they get it. Immediately. It takes a lot of behind-the-scenes complexity to create an experience this simple. Anybody can throw together a bot that can deal with a couple of use cases. If you want a bot that does everything, you need real AI. The future of HR is AI All eyes are on HR leaders right now, many of whom have been tasked with reimagining the future of their company’s employee experience. But to create a culture that empowers and supports employees, HR needs to spend their time doing meaningful work and less time chugging through endless support queues. Here at Moveworks, we realize that every employee deserves to work at the best workplace. To build that workplace — where no employee is left behind — HR teams can’t rely on a solution that’ll only solve a narrow set of use cases. They need a comprehensive platform powered by AI. They need Moveworks for HR. Let your HR team get back to work that matters with Moveworks — request a demo ! product features More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Speed up your IT service desk  Moveworks Home Solutions IT Service Desk Enable intelligent self-service Solve your employees’ issues automatically — without ever engaging your IT service desk. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Moveworks powers the best places to work Free up your IT service desk while automatically providing instant support at scale Deliver personalized IT support, 24/7. Keep employees productive with a self-service support experience that actually resolves their requests. Moveworks solves routine issues autonomously so your IT service desk can focus on the projects that matter. Give your employees everything they need. Help employees easily find the information they’re looking for, without overwhelming the service desk with mundane questions. Automatically surface the most relevant snippets of information from your knowledge base. Let your IT team focus on important projects. Keep your service desk focused on important projects that have a high impact on your business. As your organization grows, AI can resolve an increasing number of tickets, automatically — no additional headcount required. 75K (And counting) of IT issues resolved autonomously at Broadcom 12 Help desk agents’ work handled by Moveworks at Luminis Health 98 Employee satisfaction with the Moveworks bot at Procore Instantly route and solve employees’ tickets Never manually route a ticket again. Our AI platform ensures that users’ tickets are properly categorized, sent to the right service desk agent, and automatically resolved. Because Moveworks takes care of all the busy work, we cut resolution times in half, even for high-touch issues. Respond to tickets in real time Automate ticket routing and triaging Categorize tickets without back-and-forth between IT and employees Put all your resources in one place Your team spends a huge amount of time creating resources for employees to help themselves, from knowledge articles to forms to FAQs. Here’s the problem: Employees don’t know where to find them. Moveworks ensures that employees actually use your resources, giving them exactly the answers and forms they need directly on chat. Surface relevant snippets of information Fill service catalog forms in chat Easily access knowledge base articles Create the most impactful IT service desk Let Moveworks automatically solve your employees’ most common and repetitive issues. That way, you can keep your agents focused on the high-value projects that help move the needle for your business. Reset passwords Unlock accounts and devices Manage access requests Equinix accurately routes 96% of IT tickets to the right experts with Moveworks Equinix tackles employee IT support issues directly in Microsoft Teams, and Moveworks natural language understanding helps resolve the issue no matter how they ask. E-Bot transforms tedious tasks into painless conversations that last only a few seconds. Learn from the best Challenge Keeping IT headcount flat while scaling the company and driving adoption of Microsoft teams as the new collaboration hub Result Automated several agents’ worth of work while accelerating resolution time and raising eNPS (Employee Net Promoter Score) to 96% “Because of all the time Moveworks opened up for my team, I’ve been able to refocus L1 agents. Instead of spending time working through routine questions, they can become knowledge creators and subject matter experts.” Donald Small Director of IT Service Management, loanDepot Latest from Moveworks Guide We figured out the one thing you need to speed up your help desk. Now we're telling you. Read the guide Guide Find out why so many companies are using automation to up-level their service desks. Learn why Video Broadcom explains how Moveworks transformed its knowledge base. How they did it See Moveworks in action Request a demo Support every team with conversational AI Explore our product
Employee Communications: Send Targeted Messages  Moveworks Send Messages That Inspire Action Reach the right people with the right message at the right time in the tools where they already work. Moveworks’ Employee Communications lets you send hyper-targeted messages that drive action and improve employee engagement. Previous Next Pause Play Text 1 Trusted by CIOs and employee experience leaders everywhere Home Product Employee Communications Maximize engagement for your announcements. Employee Communications lets you personalize each message using parameters like employee location, department, employment status, and more. This empowers you to send information uniquely relevant to each employee, increasing engagement. Prevent issues from reaching your service desk. Moveworks’ AI knows and understands every one of your knowledge base articles, FAQs, and troubleshooting docs. So, when employees follow up on internal communication messages with questions, Moveworks serves up the correct answers on your behalf — automatically. Drive immediate action from your workforce. Moveworks ensures that employees know exactly what to do next and can easily take action. Registering for events, reading the latest remote work policy, or completing employee surveys can be all done directly within your enterprise messaging app. See just some of what you can do with Employee Communications Software migrations Security policy & updates IT policy & updates License management Scheduled maintenance Outage reporting General announcements HR & finance announcements Features There are endless features for your team to explore in Employee Communications. Here are some of our favorites: Audience Builder Notification Control Multi-language Support Scheduler Reminders Analytics Target exactly the right employees, every time Campaigns can be targeted by department, location, and other user metadata. Employee Communications even gives real-time feedback about your selected audience before you hit send. Let employees customize notifications Employees can allow all notifications, mute for seven days, or opt out of all general notifications. Admins always have the ability to override user preferences for critical communications. Seamlessly handle communication in over 100 languages Moveworks can dynamically understand any language on-the-fly, ingest non-English articles and serve up the right snippet in responses, and back-translate tickets to English for system compliance. Plan and schedule internal communications Send messages immediately or schedule them for a later day or time. This ensures that messages reach employees at just the right moment, even if your employees are globally distributed. Proactively nudge employees to complete actions Based on your objective, Moveworks suggests scheduling reminders to further improve employee engagement. These messages are only sent to non-engaged users, and you can edit, schedule, or cancel reminders after publishing any campaign. Optimize your employee engagement Keep track of delivery metrics, CTA, and engagement data in one place. Track trends over time to optimize campaigns and replicate successes. Moveworks is a much more personable way of communicating than emails. It’s like a real-time conversation: the bot answers follow-up questions and points people in the right direction. Rebecca Burgess Director of Digital Adoption and Enablement Integrate communications with the tools you already use Case Study Consumers Energy saved $55K from a single comms campaign. Learn how you can do the same. Get the case study Datasheet Learn more about the product and how it increased engagement of Vituity’s location-specific comms by 10x. Claim your copy Blog Boost engagement with these three strategies for more effective employee communications. Read the blog Improve employee communications and drive action Request a demo
Moveworks.global: Connecting AI innovators worldwide Menu Home Speakers Register FAQ Register now Moveworks.global: Connecting AI innovators worldwide Join us for an immersive event to connect with visionaries, AI experts, and leaders in employee support on the potential for AI to create enterprise-wide transformation. In this event, there will be opportunities to: Network with like-minded leaders on how to effectively bring AI to the enterprise Explore 5+ keynotes packed full of innovation and tactical strategies from top innovators from Moveworks’ customers Understand how other industry leaders are tying AI innovation to key transformational initiatives Become an expert of the Moveworks platform with hands-on workshops for new and upcoming features Don't miss this opportunity to be part of Moveworks’ annual user community event. Whether you’re a seasoned practitioner or exploring these technologies for the first time, Moveworks.global will inspire you to reimagine AI for the enterprise. Virtual experience Attendees are invited to join virtually for the livestreamed keynotes from 9:00am to 12:30pm PT. Register now In-person experience Attendees are invited to join us at Signia by Hilton, San Jose from 8:00am to 6:00pm PT. Experience live keynotes plus a welcome breakfast, networking lunch, Moveworks product labs, community lounge, and closing cocktail reception. Register now Agenda at a glance Virtual agenda Thursday, November 2, 2023 9:00 AM - 9:20 AM (PDT) CEO Welcome: Moveworks.global 9:20 AM - 10:00 AM (PDT) The next generation copilot UX: An inside look 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM (PDT) The enterprise copilot platform: Executive roundtable 10:30 AM - 10:55 AM (PDT) Break 10:55 AM - 11:25 AM (PDT) How a Fortune 500 company crafted their enterprise-wide generative AI strategy 11:25 AM - 11:45 AM (PDT) Extend your enterprise copilot with generative AI dev tools 11:45 AM - 12:05 PM (PDT) Maximize service efficiency with AI-powered insights and content 12:05 PM - 12:25 PM (PDT) Transform knowledge creation and management with generative AI 12:25 PM - 12:30 PM (PDT) Closing remarks In-person agenda Thursday, November 2, 2023 8:00 AM - 9:00 AM (PDT) Registration & breakfast 9:00 AM - 9:20 AM (PDT) CEO Welcome: Moveworks.global 9:20 AM - 10:00 AM (PDT) The next generation copilot UX: An inside look 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM (PDT) The enterprise copilot platform: Executive roundtable 10:30 AM - 10:55 AM (PDT) Break 10:55 AM - 11:25 AM (PDT) How a Fortune 500 company crafted their enterprise-wide generative AI strategy 11:25 AM - 11:45 AM (PDT) Extend your enterprise copilot with generative AI dev tools 11:45 AM - 12:05 PM (PDT) Maximize service efficiency with AI-powered insights and content 12:05 PM - 12:25 PM (PDT) Transform knowledge creation and management with generative AI 12:25 PM - 12:30 PM (PDT) Closing remarks 12:30 PM - 1:30 PM (PDT) Lunch & networking 1:45 PM - 2:45 PM (PDT) Lab 1: Creating factual, verifiable knowledge with generative AI 1:45 PM - 4:00 PM (PDT) Community lounge 1:45 PM - 4:00 PM (PDT) Lab 2: Creator Studio developer certification lab 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM (PDT) Lab 3: Empowering employees to self-serve with the Moveworks next-gen copilot 4:00 PM - 6:00 PM (PDT) Closing reception Featured Speakers Bhavin Shah CEO & Co-Founder Varun Singh President & Co-Founder Vaibhav Nivargi CTO & Co-Founder Jiang Chen CTO, AI & Co-Founder If you have any questions or concerns please email companyevents@moveworks.ai .
Queries  Overview Documentation Developer Academy Support Login Nothing Found Documentation Developer Academy Support Login Creator Studio Access Creator Studio Journey Preparation Scoping Tools Purple Chat Builder Mocking Best Practices Design Patterns Idea Library Reference Architectures Access Control Trust Support Paths Overview Worksheet Quickstart Workspace Deepdive Expert Emulation Generative Intents Question Configurations Solution Options Conversation Display Troubleshooting PurpleHire Queries Overview Worksheet Quickstart Workspace Deepdive Smart Extraction Response Synthesis Generative Intents Troubleshooting PurpleCRM Events Overview Worksheet Quickstart API Reference Workspace Deepdive Key Management Event Management Rate Limiting Message Delivery Designing for Chat Connect an Event-triggered Path Disable Events Greeting Messages Dynamic Flow Troubleshooting General Connector Configuration API Configuration Launch Management Filter Users Deletion Version Control Creator Studio Demo Functions Analytics Overview Paths Queries Events Quick Tools Purple Chat Builder Message Tester PurpleHire PurpleCRM API Mocking Last updated 5 months ago Overview Queries lets you use natural language to query external business systems. Every Query uses REST APIs to access your business data, reason about it, and display the results inside a chat card back to the requesting employee. Idea Library Check out the Idea Library for more examples of what a Query can look like! Instantly adapt to changing business systems. Your users want to find business critical data, but that data keeps changing - custom fields get added to your CRM, new tables are added to your in-house SQL server. Your Conversational AI solution needs to keep up with the pace of your business systems. You shouldn't need to maintain custom intents, adding dozens of new utterances every time a new field shows up. Instead, Moveworks generates intents and query patterns based on the underlying schema of your data records. Read more about Generative Intents for Queries . Eliminate friction between business & technology teams. The last 20% always takes 80% of the time. Business & technology teams go back-and-forth on designing "chat cards," deciding how to render individual fields, what order to show them in, what metrics to pre-compute. Moveworks takes a generative approach. We understand your data records & present it back, in the format that's most salient to your users. Read more about Response Synthesis . Multilingual on day one. All your queries are immediately available in Moveworks' 100+ languages. You can build in English, but all your business records will be searchable & presentable in any language. Getting Started Got a use case in mind? Make sure you're ready to build by following our Queries Worksheet . Want to just build? Follow our Quickstart guide to configure your first query end-to-end Additional Tools for Success Some common tools recommended by our existing customers & technology partners include: You do not need the following tools to get started, but they may make your implementation easier. API Clients : You can use API clients to test & validate your API configuration before getting started with Queries. Postman Microsoft PowerShell Linux Shell Insomnia API Management (APIM) Solutions : APIM solutions let you host new REST APIs so you can integrate into any tool your organization has. AWS API Gateway Azure App Service Heroku Dynos Workato API Recipes On this page Instantly adapt to changing business systems. Eliminate friction between business & technology teams. Multilingual on day one. Getting Started Next to Worksheet
Statuspage  Atlassian Close View this page in your language ? All languages Choose your language 中文 Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Magyar Nederlands 日本語 Português Pусский Polski Open and close the navigation menu Features Page types Public Pages Private Pages Audience-specific Pages Pricing Integrations Log in Get it free Features Page types Public Pages Private Pages Audience-specific Pages Pricing Integrations Log in Build trust with every incident Easily communicate real-time status to your users. Just like DigitalOcean, Dropbox, and Intercom. Get it free See how View statuspage DigitalOcean View statuspage Dropbox View statuspage Intercom Support & IT teams Eliminate duplicate support tickets & clunky email lists Halt the flood of support requests during an incident with proactive customer communication. Manage subscribers directly in Statuspage and send consistent messages through the channels of your choice (email, text message, in-app message, etc.) DEVOPS & IT TEAMS Display the status of each part of your service Control which components of your service you show on your page, and tap into 150+ third party components to display the status of mission-critical tools your service relies on like Stripe, Mailgun, Shopify, and PagerDuty. Statuspage is the communication piece of your incident management process Keep users in the loop from ‘investigating’ through ‘resolved’. Statuspage integrates with your favorite monitoring, alerting, chat, and help desk tools for efficient response every time. Learn more about integrations and automation INCIDENT RESPONSE TEAMS Level-up your incident communication Take the hassle out of incident communication. Pre-written templates and tight integrations with the incident management tools you already rely on enable you to quickly get the word out to users. MARKETING & SALES TEAMS Showcase reliability Turn your page into a sales and marketing tool with Uptime Showcase, which lets you display historical uptime to current and prospective customers. Trusted by thousands of companies “Proactive Statuspage notifications drive down ticket volume during an incident.” Zachary Bouzan-Kaloustian Director of customer support Watch the video Pricing that scales with you as you grow No minimum contracts, no sign-up fees, no cancellation fees Public page Private page Audience-specific page Communicate publicly with your users and customers during an incident. Free Our free plan gives you access to 100 subscribers, 25 components, two team members, two metrics, email notifications, Slack notifications, and access to REST APIs. Get started today Free Our free plan gives you access to 100 subscribers, 25 components, two team members, two metrics, email notifications, Slack notifications, and access to REST APIs. Get started today Hobby $29 /month Get started today 250 subscribers 5 team members 5 metrics Email notifications Slack notifications Basic customization Custom domain Access to REST APIs Startup $99 /month Get started today 1,000 subscribers 10 team members 10 metrics Email/SMS/webhook notifications Slack notifications Custom CSS Custom domain Access to REST APIs Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Business $399 /month Get started today 5,000 subscribers 25 team members 25 metrics Email/SMS/webhook notifications Slack notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Custom domain Access to REST APIs Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Component subscriptions Role-based access control Enterprise $1,499 /month Get started today 25,000 subscribers 50 team members 50 metrics Email/SMS/webhook notifications Slack notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Custom domain Access to REST APIs Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Component subscriptions Yearly purchase orders and invoicing available Role-based access control Communicate privately with your employees about issues with internal tools and services. Starter $79 /month Get started today 5 team members 50 authenticated subscribers 5 metrics Email notifications Custom CSS Incident templates Alerting integrations Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Chat and email support Growth $249 /month Get started today 15 team members 300 authenticated subscribers 15 metrics Email/SMS/webhook notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Incident templates Alerting integrations Component subscriptions IP allowlisting Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Chat and email support Corporate $599 /month Get started today 35 team members 1,000 authenticated subscribers 35 metrics Email/SMS/webhook notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Incident templates Alerting integrations Component subscriptions IP allowlisting Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Yearly purchase orders and invoicing available Chat and email support Role-based access control Enterprise $1,499 /month Get started today 50 team members 5,000 authenticated subscribers Custom metrics limit Email/SMS/webhook notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Incident templates Alerting integrations Component subscriptions IP allowlisting Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Yearly purchase orders and invoicing available Chat and email support Role-based access control Account representative support Starting at $300 /month Get started today Starting at $300 /month Get started today Team members starting at 25 Groups starting at 10 Users starting at 500 Metrics starting at 30 Email/SMS/webhook notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Manage API Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Component subscriptions Different views for different sets of users Team members starting at 25 Groups starting at 10 Users starting at 500 Metrics starting at 30 Email/SMS/webhook notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Manage API Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Component subscriptions Learn more about Audience-specific pages Public page Private page Audience-specific page Communicate publicly with your users and customers during an incident. Free Our Free plan gives you access to 100 subscribers, 2 team members, 2 metrics, email notifications, Slack notifications, and our REST API. Get started today Free Our free plan gives you access to 100 subscribers, 2 team members, 2 metrics, Email notificiations, and our REST API. Get started today Hobby $29 /month Get started today 250 Subscribers 5 Team Members 5 Metrics Email Notifications Slack Notifications Basic Customization Custom Domain Access to REST APIs Startup $99 /month Get started today 1,000 Subscribers 10 Team Members 10 Metrics Email/SMS/webhook Notifications Slack Notifications Custom CSS Custom Domain Access to REST APIs Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Business $399 /month Get started today 5,000 Subscribers 25 Team Members 25 Metrics Email/SMS/Webhook Notifications Slack Notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Custom Domain Access to REST APIs Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Component Subscriptions Enterprise $1,499 /month Get started today 25,000 Subscribers 50 Team Members 50 Metrics Email/SMS/Webhook Notifications Slack Notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Custom Domain Access to REST APIs Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Component Subscriptions Yearly PO & Invoicing Available Communicate privately with your employees about issues with internal tools and services. Starter $79 /month Get started today 5 Team Members 50 Employees 5 Metrics Email Notifications Custom CSS Incident Templates Alerting Integrations Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Growth $249 /month Get started today 15 Team Members 300 Employees 15 Metrics Email/SMS/Webhook Notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Incident Templates Alerting Integrations Component Subscriptions IP Allowlisting Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Corporate $599 /month Get started today 35 Team Members 1,000 Employees 35 Metrics Email/SMS/Webhook Notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Incident Templates Alerting Integrations Component Subscriptions IP Allowlisting Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Enterprise $1,499 /month Get started today 50 Team Members 5,000 Employees 50 Metrics Email/SMS/Webhook Notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Incident Templates Alerting Integrations Component Subscriptions IP Allowlisting Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Yearly PO & Invoicing Available Starting at $300 /month Get started today Starting at $300 /month Get started today Team members starting at 25 Groups starting at 10 Users starting at 500 Metrics starting at 30 Email/SMS/Webhook notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Manage API Team member SSO (with Atlassian Access) Component subscriptions Different views for different sets of users Team Members starting at 25 Groups starting at 10 Users starting at 500 Metrics starting at 30 Email/SMS/Webhook notifications Custom CSS/HTML/JS Manage API Team Member SSO Component Subscriptions Learn more about Audience-specific pages
Employee Experience Insights: Everything You Need To Know  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Employee Experience Insights: Everything you need to know Varun Singh, VP of Product October 12, 2022 linkedin facebook twitter email Today is a big day for Moveworks. We’re launching what I believe to be one of the most impactful products we’ve ever built: Employee Experience Insights (EXI) . Here, we see firsthand how business leaders face an impossible task: You’re constantly working to create a more efficient, more productive workplace, but you have no real way of knowing what’s slowing your employees down. Current methods to understand the employee experience fall short. We’ve all experienced workplace satisfaction surveys. They’re a great way to hear straight from your employees, but you’ll never get the full picture when only a small part of your workforce takes the time to fill them out. Other methods leverage data from the tickets that come into the service desk. Support tickets provide a treasure trove of information about what your employees need. But existing analytics solutions leave much to be desired since they’re only capable of reviewing the structured data within tickets, such as assignee, priority, status, and resolution time. While these analytics offer a view into the agent experience, they largely ignore the most important information. Unstructured text from the description of the issue, work notes, and comments actually tell you about your employees’ everyday frustrations. Companies try to track this level of detail with manual tagging, but this approach is unscalable and prone to errors. Clearly, support ticket data is the way to fully know what employees are going through, but how can you access these insights at scale? Moveworks’ new Employee Experience Insights (EXI) taps into the information hidden in support tickets to reveal your workforce’s everyday experience . Using our own breakthrough techniques in natural language understanding (NLU) and machine learning, EXI turns disparate employee complaints into actionable data, so that you can act proactively and make informed decisions. Starting today, for the first time, you’ll be able to answer any question that work throws at you. Like: How much time do Sales reps spend troubleshooting? What are the most common issues facing remote workers? Which applications do employees need to access on day one? What drives dissatisfaction with our most critical apps? What were the biggest changes since last quarter? More to the point, with Employee Experience Insights, you’ll know definitively which levers to pull to make the most impact on your organization. Companies like Albemarle are already using the unprecedented information EXI provides to upend “business as usual” and transform their employee experience. For today, though, I’ll just give you a taste of what’s possible, running through three key use cases. Identify every team’s pain points Employees regularly face challenges that prevent them from efficiently doing their job. To ensure that they spend their time where it matters most, it’s essential to identify and resolve roadblocks. However, conventional ITSM insights tools focus primarily on tickets and SLAs, ignoring the details hidden in support tickets. By analyzing thousands of different issues, Employee Experience Insights offers a granular view of the biggest issues affecting each employee persona , allowing leaders across departments to remove inefficiencies, power productivity, and respond to employee frustrations as they happen. Is the Customer Success team constantly troubleshooting Zoom? Are engineers blocked by a finicky VPN? Are Salesforce glitches piling up at the end of every quarter? With Employee Experience Insights, you can drill down into each of these groups with intelligent filtering to determine which issues waste the most time and cause the most frustration. Figure 1: Employee Experience Insights filters issues intelligently by both persona and time. Measure the impact of your investments Poor technology has a massive impact on employee productivity. With employees flipping between Slack, Dropbox, Zoom, GitHub, and a half dozen other applications to do their job, it’s of the utmost importance to ensure that none of these technologies is holding your people back. Powered by NLU, Employee Experience Insights breaks down issues to reveal what’s working and what’s not. This tool puts in-depth information at your fingertips, so you can make more informed adjustments and ensure that everyone’s tools are functioning at one hundred percent. For example, with EXI, a sudden uptick in hardware issues becomes an opportunity. Instead of addressing each ticket as an individual problem, you’ll see that a growing percentage of new hires are waiting an extra month for new keyboards and monitors, compared to your internal benchmark. Armed with that information, you can dig deeper and find out that, perhaps, your vendor is experiencing delays. Instead of forcing employees to sit and wait, you can update your device policy, potentially making it easier for certain employees to expense their own hardware. Figure 2: Employee Experience Insights reveals which resources, applications, and services are causing the most pain with a hotspot graph. Prioritize the initiatives that make the most impact One of the most daunting challenges businesses face today is prioritization. You may want to build the best employee experience, but choosing where and when to act is easier said than done, right? With most support analytics focused on moving tickets through the pipeline, knowing which initiatives will make the most impact can be a bit of a crapshoot. Employee Experience Insights gives you the information you need to take action. By breaking down and then clustering tickets by both persona and time, EXI reveals trends as they happen. External-facing teams are waiting five days for access approvals. Remote employees don’t know how to get a security badge when they visit HQ. The Chicago office files three times as many tickets about the WiFi connection as the rest of the organization. This one-of-a-kind insight helps business leaders lead data-informed conversations. Instead of guessing, you’ll know exactly where to move resources to make the biggest impact. This could mean adjusting staffing, re-negotiating a contract, or investing in a new tool. Figure 3: Employee Experience Insights gives support team leaders the ability to continuously track and socialize the impact of every decision and initiative. Natural language understanding turns data into action I hear you right now: “But I already have dashboards. How is Employee Experience Insights any different?” Well — it comes down to our NLU. Employee Experience Insights relies on the Moveworks Intelligence Engine™ to understand and categorize every employee issue. Instead of requiring leaders to sift through tons of metadata, EXI leverages best-in-class language models trained on over 400 million support requests to break down thousands of complex, nuanced utterances in seconds. Our approach makes Employee Experience Insights uniquely capable of providing a comprehensive view of what’s going on in your environment. By illuminating inefficiencies across your company, our platform gives CIOs and other employee experience leaders an actionable plan to increase productivity and overall employee satisfaction. Solve your biggest problems with Employee Experience Insights In my mind, there are two main approaches to problem-solving. You can take an individual issue at face value and wrestle with it endlessly. Or you can look at the issue in context to find a higher-order solution. At Moveworks, we don’t just want to solve our customers’ immediate problems. Instead, we prefer to take a step back and look for opportunities to solve bigger, broader issues that render the original problems irrelevant. Look at your last month of support tickets: Are you tackling the biggest, hardest problems that are facing your workforce? Are you transforming your employee experience for the better? Is it even possible for you to easily answer these questions? Probably not. To answer these questions, you need to explore the environment in which your tickets live. And that’s where Employee Experience Insights come in, breaking down every employee issue in real time and surfacing hidden trends. So you can do what you do best: finding lasting solutions. Your entire employee experience, on a single screen. Learn more . news product features employee experience More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Moveworks Status Documentation Developers Support Academy Contact Moveworks Support x Get email notifications whenever Moveworks creates , updates or resolves an incident. Email address: This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get text message notifications whenever Moveworks creates or resolves an incident. Country code: Afghanistan (+93) Albania (+355) Algeria (+213) American Samoa (+1) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1) Antigua and Barbuda (+1) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia/Cocos/Christmas Island (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia and Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde (+238) Cayman Islands (+1) Central Africa (+236) Chad (+235) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Congo, Dem Rep (+243) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cyprus (+357) Czech Republic (+420) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1) Dominican Republic (+1) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland/Aland Islands (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+995) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+1) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kenya (+254) Korea, Republic of (+82) Kosovo (+383) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+423) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mauritius (+230) Mexico (+52) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montenegro (+382) Montserrat (+1) Morocco/Western Sahara (+212) Mozambique (+258) Namibia (+264) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Pakistan (+92) Palestinian Territory (+970) Panama (+507) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1) Qatar (+974) Reunion/Mayotte (+262) Romania (+40) Russia/Kazakhstan (+7) Rwanda (+250) Samoa (+685) San Marino (+378) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovakia (+421) Slovenia (+386) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St Kitts and Nevis (+1) St Lucia (+1) St Vincent Grenadines (+1) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Taiwan (+886) Tajikistan (+992) Tanzania (+255) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad and Tobago (+1) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turks and Caicos Islands (+1) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) United Kingdom (+44) United States (+1) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+998) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands, British (+1) Virgin Islands, U.S. (+1) Yemen (+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Phone number: Change number Enter OTP: Resend OTP in: 30 seconds Didn't receive the OTP ? Resend OTP Message and data rates may apply. By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Terms of Service , and the Atlassian Privacy Policy . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get incident updates and maintenance status messages in Slack. Subscribe via Slack By subscribing you agree to the Atlassian Cloud Terms of Service and acknowledge Atlassian's Privacy Policy . Get webhook notifications whenever Moveworks creates an incident, updates an incident, resolves an incident or changes a component status. Webhook URL: The URL we should send the webhooks to Email address: We'll send you email if your endpoint fails This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get the Atom Feed or RSS Feed . All Systems Operational Enterprise Messaging Integrations ? Health of the messaging platforms where Moveworks bots are deployed Operational Microsoft Teams ? Based on latest updates from Microsoft (https://portal.office.com/servicestatus) Operational Moveworks for Web ? Moveworks bots integrated within web portals (e.g. ServiceNow, Sharepoint) Operational Cisco Webex Teams ? Based on latest updates from Webex status page (https://status.webex.com/) Operational Google Chat ? Based on latest updates from Google apps status (https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard) Operational Slack Messaging ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Apps/Integrations/APIs ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Notifications ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Slack Connections ? Based on the latest updates from Slack official status (https://status.slack.com/) Operational Access Skills Operational Account Access ? Managing password resets/updates, account lockouts, and MFA resets through the bot Operational Group Access ? Managing distribution list creations and additions through the bot Operational Software Access ? Provisioning access to software applications through the bot Operational Smart Forms ? Finding forms from your service catalog and submitting them through the bot Operational Enterprise Approvals ? Notifying approvers and allow them to take action on approvals from your enterprise systems Operational Answers ? Answers from knowledge base articles, FAQs, and public sources powered by Semantic Search Operational Concierge ? Creating tickets, adding comments, and getting status updates through the bot Operational Triage ? Routing support requests to the right experts using machine-learning predictions Operational Lookups ? People &amp; Places lookups Operational Message API ? Connects to enterprise tools &amp; data and sends messages to users natively through the bot Operational Business Queries ? Allows users to look up information from your business systems Operational Employee Experience Insights Operational Multilingual Support (MLS) Operational Creator Studio Operational Paths Workspace Operational Queries Workspace Operational Events Workspace Operational Control Center Operational Employee Communications ? Sending targeted communications to employees at scale Operational Performance Insights ? Dashboards to help you visualize every aspect of your AI deployment Operational Channel Resolver Operational Operational Degraded Performance Partial Outage Major Outage Maintenance Past Incidents Sep 30 , 2023 No incidents reported today. Sep 29 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 28 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 27 , 2023 Ticket processing degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 10 AM PST. Sep 27 , 17:18 UTC Monitoring - We've implemented the necessary corrective actions to address the issue. We are now in the process of closely monitoring the results to ensure the effectiveness of these measures. Sep 27 , 16:53 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue within our ticket processing system that appears to be causing delays and potential failures in ticket notifications, triage, and other ticket route resolutions. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We are actively working to resolve this issue and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. Sep 27 , 16:25 UTC Sep 26 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 25 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 24 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 23 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 22 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 21 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 20 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 19 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 18 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 17 , 2023 No incidents reported. Sep 16 , 2023 Employee Communications degradation Resolved - This incident has been resolved as of 5:40 PM PST Sep 16 , 01:41 UTC Monitoring - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results. Sep 15 , 21:44 UTC Update - A fix has been identified and we are currently in the process of deploying it to production. Sep 15 , 20:12 UTC Identified - We've identified an issue where some users are encountering failures when attempting to send campaigns to all users. Our team is actively addressing this issue and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. In the meantime, please consider the following alternative methods for sending your campaigns: 1. Navigate to the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience'. Here, you can use the 're-import audience' option. After selecting this, click 'continue' to confirm and publish your campaign. 2. Alternatively, you can download the audience list from the 'Campaigns' > 'Select Audience' page and use the 'Import users from a CSV file' option to send your campaign. We appreciate your understanding and patience as we work to resolve this issue. Sep 15 , 17:59 UTC ← Incident History Powered by Atlassian Statuspage ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
People-centric HR relies on conversational AI  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Why people-centric HR teams depend on conversational AI Ahmed Al-Bahar, Head of Product Tomasz Jurczyk, Tech Lead Ivy Wang, Product Design Lead March 31, 2021 linkedin facebook twitter email HR teams are overwhelmed. Charged with managing a successful and high-performing company culture, HR professionals are experts at handling every stage of the employee lifecycle — from onboarding new hires to managing benefits to coaching leaders. Ensuring the success of thousands of employees is no easy task. The real problem is that HR is responsible for so many manual tasks: whenever an employee needs help, the HR team has to do it by hand. The result is that HR spends tons of time on routine, repetitive tasks — rather than on meaningful interactions. And for employees, all this time waiting for answers slows their workday down. With this manual approach, global companies would never have a big enough HR team to keep up. Figure 1: HR teams are responsible for every step of the employee lifecycle. At Moveworks, we realized that the key to scaling the HR team is speed. If you want employees to adopt new tools or fill out benefits, the right resources — from forms to knowledge articles — must be available to those who need them in seconds. And the only way to do this is to rethink the whole process from start to finish. Figure 2: With Moveworks, HR teams deliver real-time support at scale. That’s why the Moveworks platform is purpose-built to handle HR issues: to help you create a culture of instant help at work. In building this solution, we found that three fundamental roadblocks hold back HR teams from making change happen overnight: Employees don’t know where to go for HR support HR help needs to be personalized to each employee’s needs The employee lifecycle is overwhelming to manage In this blog, we’ll discuss how Moveworks is helping top HR teams deliver real-time support — at a massive scale. Creating a one-stop shop for support When employees have HR questions, they don’t know where to go. HR may have a system to submit issues to dedicated experts, but that doesn’t mean next steps are accessible or obvious. Employees aren’t thinking about complex backend reporting systems. They just want their questions answered. So the IT team is flooded with HR requests, the HR team gets finance questions, and the Finance team gets questions about IT issues. That’s why we built a single starting point for employees to self-service their own support. On the front end, employees can ask any question in basic language. And on the back end, all the various support systems — from HR to IT — are integrated so that a single bot can answer every question. Figure 3: Employees can submit any support issue to the Moveworks chatbot to get instant help. Our bot offers such a powerful experience because we’ve analyzed tens of millions of examples of how employees ask for help. By studying what these requests have in common , our machine learning models deeply understand everyday enterprise language. So we don’t have to predefine our bot’s actions. Instead, the bot autonomously works to discover the user’s underlying intent to give them the best response. Because of this approach, we can easily transition from answering IT questions to helping employees in all spheres of their work-life, including HR. With every in-bot conversation, our models understand more, and employees learn through repetition that Moveworks is the first place to look for help. Reaching the right expert in seconds If an employee has a complex or sensitive issue, our AI-powered Smart Handoff transfers requests to the correct specialist, automatically and immediately. By either routing issues to the right HR professional or linking users to a specific process or workflow within the HR platform or Intranet site — employees get the support they need, and HR professionals get questions they’re specially qualified to answer. With Moveworks, problems aren’t just solved faster — they’re solved automatically. So employees can get on with their work, and HR teams are free to personally handle more specialized tasks. Figure 4: With Smart Handoff, employee questions get to the right department expert. Delivering personalized HR support automatically One of the biggest challenges for HR is the constant trade-off between speed and precision. Conventional automation tools offer fast service, but they typically aren’t smart enough to provide the accurate response. Consider an employee requesting details on the employee referral program. Even to answer a simple question like this would be difficult to automate, given that the correct response depends on many factors — location, department, and seniority. You need to take all of these contextual details into account to surface the right knowledge. Figure 5: Moveworks uses context — location, role, seniority, department — to make every answer relevant. We created a bot that’s specifically designed to take all of this disparate information into account and automatically solve issues. Autonomously curating an identity map for each employee — Moveworks provides tailor-made answers or redirects sensitive questions to the right expert. As an HR team, it’s frustrating when the resources you’ve spent so much time building aren’t used. Setting up and personalizing the right answer manually can take forever. Our solution transforms company resources into an immediately helpful format, ensuring that employees get only the relevant snippet from a knowledge base article or the appropriate form that addresses their specific request. Streamlining the employee lifecycle Company culture doesn't come down to only choosing the right benefits or enacting supportive policies. Company culture changes all the time, re-defining itself minute-to-minute. Onboarding, training, benefits enrollment, and career development are all opportunities for employees to know if their company is worth working at. No HR team can operate at the kind of scale that modern enterprise requires. There’s so much to deal with that how you tackle every challenge matters. And that’s why having a strategy that incorporates machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) is critical, given these technologies’ ability to resolve thousands of issues simultaneously. Figure 6: With Moveworks, HR teams can send targeted messages to employees. Right now, communicating at each of these critical moments is time-intensive and manual. It’s time to incorporate real-time automation that can target the right employees at the right time, so no one tunes you out. With our solution, you can move away from the slow, manual email communication model and instead target specific employees with actionable messages. By automating internal communication, HR teams are free to focus on these bigger, more strategic projects that take time and human creativity to implement. Redefining your digital HQ In this digital era, companies blend together, all using the same SaaS tools. Our customers — like Palo Alto Networks — know that standing out comes down to the little things, like providing support the moment it’s needed. And that means investing in a digital workplace, just as much as a physical office. “It’s really the small moments that create your company culture,” said Elizabeth Wheeler, Senior Manager of Benefits & HR Connect at Palo Alto Networks. “With Moveworks, we’ve made those millions of small moments effortless — by giving our employees what they need, when they need it. The result is that my team can focus on the big projects that move our business forward.” With AI, there’s a fantastic opportunity to create an experience that’s distinctive to your organization. When we founded Moveworks, we shared a vision to empower employees worldwide to focus on the most impactful work. Extending our abilities to HR is just the beginning. HR teams handle an impossible workload, but with Moveworks for HR, these highly-engaged professionals can keep up with the modern workplace’s constantly evolving demands. Contact us to learn how you can use Moveworks to automate HR support. technology More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Moveworks Live Recap: 8 Key Takeaways  Moveworks Skip to content First Name  Last Name  Email  Company  Phone How did you hear about us?  By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy . Thank you. A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours. Close this modal Go back back to form back to tab selection Moveworks Live recap: 8 key takeaways you may have missed Margo Poda, Content Marketing Manager May 11, 2023 linkedin facebook twitter email We want to extend a big thanks to everyone who joined us at Moveworks Live! It was a jam-packed day of sessions, announcements, and live interactive discussions with our global community — more content than anyone could tune into live. So we’ve rounded up some highlights to help you catch up. Moveworks is the enterprise copilot platform Moveworks Live kicked off with CEO Bhavin Shah sharing our vision of language as the primary interface between people and systems in the enterprise world. He emphasized that AI has transitioned from a "nice-to-have" to a business imperative, playing a crucial role in various industries. This opening presentation took attendees on a journey through the evolution of AI technology, highlighting the remarkable resurgence of AI as an essential component of employee experience and how the transformer model invention and other milestones contributed to the rapid digital transformation in recent years. Bhavin ended by setting the stage for the event by discussing the potential of AI — and specifically, AI copilots — to streamline work processes, improve the employee experience, and promote productivity across multiple departments. Using natural language, employees can effortlessly connect to several business systems and change the way work is done. The opening section of Moveworks Live served as a powerful introduction to the transformative potential of conversational AI, inviting participants to explore how this technology will shape the future of work. How to craft your AI copilot strategy We understand that businesses are looking for ways to leverage large language models (LLMs) effectively to create a tailored strategy. That’s why at Moveworks Live, CTO Vaibhav Nivargi shared a simple four-tier copilot framework to help you understand the level of investment and technology needed to build your copilot, depending on the specific use cases: Tier 1 : Copilots that address persona-specific use cases focused on generation (e.g., writing web copy) or simple analysis, achieved through a single API call to one LLM. Tier 2 : Copilots that manage domain-specific use cases. This approach involves fine-tuning an LLM to understand domain-specific language and incorporating enterprise context (e.g., building a knowledge base of legal documents). Tier 3 : Copilots that deal with multi-step, domain-specific problems. This is achieved by stacking multiple LLMs and optimizing processes (e.g., helping sales teams follow up on specific accounts). Tier 4 : Copilots which address enterprise-wide problems. Solving these widespread challenges requires building an LLM stack that combines all the techniques from Tiers 1-3 at a wider scale — in addition to adding enterprise-grade security, better reasoning capabilities, identity management, permissions, and analytics. We would be remiss to not mention the announcement of our new language model, MoveLM™, designed explicitly for enterprise tasks. This model has been trained with high-quality enterprise data that has been aggregated over the past six years. We developed this data set by analyzing 500 million tickets, facilitating approximately 14 million bot conversations, and ingesting 401,215 knowledge base articles and 36,066 forms. MoveLM will be layered into our existing stack, performing alongside best-in-class models like MPNet and GPT-4 . MoveLM has two variations: a 7 billion parameter version that allows for a higher degree of customization and a 175 billion parameter version with enhanced reasoning capabilities. Generate any conversational AI use case with Creator Studio Moveworks Live gave us an opportunity to showcase our just-launched Creator Studio . Leveraging best-in-class language models, Creator Studio enables users to generate and fully deploy any conversational AI use case — without the need for building dialog flow or writing scripts. The platform consists of three main workspaces — Paths, Queries, and Events — which enable companies to connect their people and systems through the universal UI of language: Paths Workspace eliminates the need for toolkits and empowers enterprise architects, service owners, and developers to generate fluid, yet controlled, conversations with ease. Queries Workspace allows employees to instantly access the information they need from across a fragmented enterprise ecosystem. Events Workspace helps businesses run more smoothly by sending proactive, action-oriented messages to employees straight from business systems. This session included a selection of demos featuring each of these workspaces to let attendees experience Creator Studio’s ease of use, speed, and adaptability . We realize it's crucial to incorporate conversational AI into every organization's tech stack to keep up with the changing technological landscape. Boards around the world seem to be requiring CEOs to integrate conversational AI into every facet of their business, and this session provides a firsthand look into the potential of Creator Studio and its ability to transform the way companies create and manage conversational AI across the enterprise. Make informed decisions with natural language analytics Employee Experience Insights (EXI) harnesses Moveworks' expertise in Natural Language Understanding (NLU) and large language models (LLMs) to categorize, extract, and identify underlying problems from every incoming help desk ticket. With just a glance, you can get a comprehensive view of all issues in your organization. We initially built EXI because we realized that natural language analytics can help business leaders make data-driven decisions that result in smarter, more efficient operations and, ultimately, better outcomes for the organization. And that’s why at Moveworks Live, we revealed our ambitious plan to further apply the power of LLMs in analyzing unstructured data across various departments, starting with HR and eventually expanding into customer support and more. This development marks the beginning of a transformative journey that will utilize natural language analytics to streamline operations and enhance efficiency on a broader scale throughout the entire enterprise. If you’re a current Moveworks customer, you can request a 14-day free trial of EXI here . Fill in the gaps with AI-powered knowledge generation Moveworks Knowledge Writer is a game-changing tool designed to significantly reduce the time it takes to create, maintain, and update informative content for employees. This powerful tool uses AI to generate content, incorporating your organization's data and tailoring each piece for your unique environment . By using industry article templates and writing recommendations , you’ll effortlessly follow the most up-to-date guidelines for crafting engaging FAQs, tutorials, guidelines, policies, troubleshooting articles, and more. Rest assured, as Knowledge Writer provides the source of generated information, ensuring the quality and accuracy of your content while eliminating concerns about hallucinations . And we won’t leave you hanging! Our AI insights will ensure that you stay on top of your articles' performance and gain the valuable insights you need to continuously improve your knowledge base and address the needs of your employees. Enhance the user experience with voice support Moveworks Voice is reinventing the way voice recognition systems operate, departing from the limitations of traditional Interactive Voice Recognition (IVR) systems. While IVRs often struggle with aspects like ambient noise, speech variations, and industry-specific jargon, Moveworks Voice is designed to proficiently understand and navigate the intricacies of voice interactions, to assist in fluent and accurate responses. One of the tool's capabilities is to answer questions and take actions tailored to the unique needs of your organization's environment. This adaptability allows for seamless integration within your organization and increased efficiency. With the ability to perform helpful tasks for callers, Moveworks Voice can eliminate the need for admins to predict every possible request. This versatility simplifies interactions, saves time, and makes the overall experience more enjoyable for users. With the addition of Moveworks Voice, your organization will benefit from efficient, reliable, and high-quality voice support powered by LLMs, elevating your operations and overall user experience. The future: Multimodal enterprise conversational AI At Moveworks Live, we introduced a next-generation enterprise-wide copilot that’s designed to work with text, images, video, and voice. This Moveworks copilot uses the remarkable reasoning capabilities of large language models to serve as a helpful and reliable advisor for the entire organization. Powered by an efficient, custom LLM-based reasoning engine and a versatile integration platform personalized for your enterprise's unique data and processes, our copilot provides an interactive, multi-turn conversation experience, swiftly handling employee requests while pulling key information from multiple systems. As this copilot draws on Moveworks' extensive experience assisting millions of employees over the last six years, it scales self-serve resources, using our LLM reasoning engine to dynamically determine which tools best address a user's request. This approach allows for a rapid increase in supported scenarios and complete use of your self-help resources. Learn how Moveworks’ enterprise copilot allows employees to automate tasks or search for information across all enterprise systems through a single language interface. Building a future-proof generative AI strategy with Moveworks, OpenAI, and Microsoft During a thought-provoking panel discussion hosted by Alex Henson, VP of Marketing at Moveworks, notable speakers, including Bhavin Shah, CEO of Moveworks, Srini Raghavan, VP of PM at Microsoft, and Adam Goldberg, Head of Azure OpenAI Enablement at OpenAI, shared their insights on how companies can fully leverage the potential of AI. The panelists emphasized that the most successful companies would utilize a complimentary suite of AI offerings that, when combined, can transform how their organizations operate. They advised focusing on the specific business problem at hand and selecting a solution or vendor that specializes in resolving it. The experts agreed that AI will become an integral part of every product, and no single AI vendor can cater to each organization's needs. This forward-thinking panel provided a valuable discussion on the synergy between various AI solutions and how proper integration can drive optimal results within businesses. Introducing: The enterprise copilot platform Eager to uncover more insights from the Moveworks Live event? You're in luck! On-demand recordings will be available starting Monday, May 15th. Don't miss out on learning from industry experts as they share their thoughts on the transformative power of conversational AI. To get notified about these videos and for even more insightful content, make sure to visit the event landing page and stay tuned. Empower your enterprise with the knowledge of AI's incredible potential by catching every bit of news from Moveworks Live. Experience the future of work. Watch Moveworks Live on-demand starting Monday, May 15th! news technology employee experience More blog posts How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators. How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole. Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit 3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap. How conversational AI is transforming healthcare Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology. How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform. How AI is changing IT operations analytics AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples. Subscribe to our blog Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts. Solutions Customers Resources Blog Sitemap Platform Platform overview Moveworks API System status Company About us Newsroom Contact us Careers image/svg+xml ©2023 Moveworks, Inc. Privacy policies close modal
Cut your help desk support costs in half with AI  Moveworks Home Solutions Cost Reduction Cut your help desk support costs in half Moveworks solves thousands of support issues with AI, from provisioning PowerPoint to troubleshooting Zoom. Moveworks powers the best places to work Your budget is begging for AI Make L1 support issues disappear. Moveworks automates away the most common support issues, including resetting passwords, unlocking accounts, editing email groups, filing forms, troubleshooting devices, and much, much more. It’s the only way to eliminate the cost of these L1 issues, once and for all. Maintain the highest standard for quality. Reducing your help desk support costs often creates a frustrating employee experience, whether you implement an automated phone system or outsource to an MSP. But Moveworks delivers white-glove support, since employees describe issues to our conversational AI bot just as they would to an agent. Boost the ROI of your current investments. Help desks often invest in self-service resources, such as troubleshooting guides and hardware request forms, only to watch employees submit the same volume of tickets as before. Moveworks digs through every single resource at your company to find the best solution to each issue — so you can finally see some ROI. 1M Reduction in annual IT spend thanks to Moveworks at Seagen 55 Of support issues resolved end-to-end by Moveworks at Broadcom 12 Help desk agents’ work handled by Moveworks at Luminis Health Resolve the most common requests In theory, employees could solve a huge percentage of their support issues without involving the help desk — if only they knew where to look. Moveworks makes that theory a reality. Our platform serves up the most helpful solution to common requests from across your ITSM, IAM system, knowledge bases, and other tools. Automatically make changes in your existing systems of record Find the right answer to questions from across all knowledge bases Proactively reach out to employees when they’re locked out Eliminate tasks from the ticket lifecycle When employees submit complex issues that require an expert to fix, Moveworks still speeds up the entire ticket lifecycle. Our AI chatbot handles the back-and-forth communication with employees to add comments, nudge agents, and check status, so your help desk doesn’t have to. Route complex issues to the correct assignment group Enable employees to add comments and check the status of tickets Follow up with employees and agents to close out tickets faster Take control of your software spend Large companies waste millions of dollars per year on unused software licenses — while employees who really do need a software license often wait days to get access. Moveworks lets you take back control. Our platform provisions software in seconds, obtains approval when necessary, and reclaims licenses that employees don’t need. Provision pre-approved software licenses instantly Automatically reach out to get manager approval, when required Reclaim licenses that go unused for a specified time period "We’ve had our eye on AI and ML for some time, and Moveworks is the first service that actually improves IT service delivery— delivers the right resolution faster— while reducing costs." Milind Wagle CIO, Equinix Latest from Moveworks Blog Our AI-powered Concierge speeds up issue resolution by 57%. Read the blog Case Study Seagen reduced costs by more than $1 million per year with Moveworks. Find out how Datasheet Find out 8 game-changing things that only Moveworks can do. Download the datasheet See Moveworks in action Request a demo
Verisk Increased Employee Engagement With AI Comms  Moveworks Home Customers Verisk The “best business decision” Verisk ever made? Conversational comms. Verisk used AI comms to dramatically increase employee engagement and keep its hybrid workforce on the same page. Verisk is one of the world’s largest data analytics companies with a market cap of approximately $30 billion. Download the PDF 96 % Of Verisk’s employees are engaged with Moveworks Challenge Verisk had to find a better solution than no-reply emails to keep its workforce engaged. Result Dramatically boosted employee engagement with AI-powered internal comms The Problem AI offers a new approach to employee engagement Operating across 34 countries, Verisk’s top priority is keeping everyone on the same page. Integrating and supporting so many employees across different time zones is an enormous undertaking. So when it came down to employee communications, Verisk faced major obstacles. For one, company policies were constantly changing during this era of hybrid work. Updates sent in mass emails tended to get ignored or lost in the inbox, so many employees were missing vital information. Additionally — a conventional communications strategy depends on email. But sending irrelevant messages to employees is incredibly noisy. And finally, Verisk’s service desk struggled to address the follow-up questions that their comms generated. Even when employees understood the update, it was hard for them to get more info or take action. The Solution Vic brings a new employee engagement strategy to Verisk In August 2020, Verisk rolled out Moveworks, known as Vic to its employees. Vic is an advanced AI chatbot available inside Microsoft Teams, Verisk’s hub for collaboration. By deeply understanding employees’ requests with AI , Vic maps each one to the right solution, whether it’s a snippet from a troubleshooting guide, a form to order new hardware, or a map of the company headquarters. Perhaps more importantly, with Moveworks for Employee Communications , Vic delivers targeted updates and reminders to only the affected employees. Vic even allows Verisk to schedule messages at a certain time for employees in different time zones. For instance, when an employee’s password is set to expire, Vic reminds her beforehand via Teams so she won’t get locked out later. This proactive engagement strategy has been particularly crucial for Verisk, given the number of people working remotely. We have employees all around the world. Keeping everyone informed is about delivering relevant messages and letting them take action, without leaving Teams. That’s how Moveworks takes our comms strategy to the next level. David Lewis AVP of Compute Services The Result Verisk moves together in the face of change Verisk has overcome the obstacles of conventional employee engagement with Moveworks for Employee Communications. Rather than sending out static mass emails to the entire workforce, Vic delivers targeted updates and reminders to only the affected employees, meeting them on Microsoft Teams where they’re already working. Vic even allows Verisk to schedule messages at a certain time for employees in different time zones, so that nothing gets lost in the shuffle. Messages from Vic are also interactive, allowing employees to take the requested action or ask follow-up questions directly through the bot. In other words, Vic isn’t just a messenger; it’s an expert assistant that can provision new software or provide a snippet from the latest travel policy, right there in chat. The best part? The payoff has been huge. 96% of Verisk’s employees are engaged with the bot. ← Back to all Customer Stories Key Integrations Learn more about Moveworks Machines learned the secret of language Natural language understanding and conversational AI have streamlined interactions between people and machines. Read the blog Send messages that inspire action With Moveworks for Employee Comms, your messages reach the right employees and make it easy for them to move forward. Learn more 3 strategies to boost engagement Companies can engage thousands of employees with an AI-powered employee comms strategy. Learn more Create the world's best workplace Request a demo
Latest Product Updates and Features  Moveworks WHAT’S NEW AT MOVEWORKS Check out our latest product releases October 2022 Introducing Employee Experience Insights The only actionable to-do list for every senior IT leader. The only actionable to-do list for every senior IT leader.The only actionable to-do list for every senior IT leader. Learn more Prioritize your investments with a lens into the employee Learn how you can get started with Employee Experience Insights. Download the datasheet April 2022 Introducing Moveworks for HR Moveworks tackles the complexities of HR automation. Learn more 15 new ways AI can support your HR team Learn how you can get started with Moveworks for HR. Download datasheet March 2022 Announcing the Moveworks API Moveworks launches its first API, letting you proactively solve employee’s issues at scale using automation. Learn more New support languages added For the first time ever, conversational AI support is available in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. Learn more Introducing the Moveworks Control Center Take control of your bot with full visibility into your Moveworks platform. Download datasheet In case you missed it Moveworks is the only platform that supports employees with any issue in any language. Find out 8 game-changing things Moveworks can do. Download datasheet Moveworks helped speed up Hearst’s support process — without compromising its user experience. Read the case study! Learn more Legendary leaders reveal the technologies and techniques they’re using to build the perfect workplace. Learn more See Moveworks in action. Join our live demo
